---
title: "01 - January"
---

## 2021-01-01

This was going to be another uneventful day, but I ended up taking a
nap for too long and sleeping throughout the whole day. I hope it
didn't fuck up my sleeping schedule again.

## 2021-01-02

I went to my grandma. That's about it.

## 2021-01-03

I spent the day watching weird YouTube videos. Notable examples
include [That Japanese Man Yuta] \(no I'm not slowly becoming a
weeaboo, it's just for scientific purposes) and [NFKRZ]. The second
one is pretty interesting because he reminds me of how relatively good
but still imperfect my English is and how I'm degrading day by day
because of not enough practice. I mean whatever :)

[That Japanese Man Yuta]: https://www.youtube.com/c/ThatJapaneseManYuta
[NFKRZ]: https://www.youtube.com/user/MultiNfz

## 2021-01-04

I'm back from my grandma. That's about it.

Today I finally managed to talk to some people, this time on the
Neocities discord server. Feels good man. God, I'm so lonely.

## 2021-01-05

I forgot to mention it, but we're planning to move to the center of
the city. We actually already bought an apartment and are going to
sell this one when we've moved. Today we were bying things needed to
repair the whole thing to a presentable state, including amazing
ＢＲＩＣＣ wallpapers for my room. I visited the apartment for the
first time today, and I have to say it currently looks like a bad
soviet fever dream. Luckily, this time, we won't have to put much
effort into repairing it because we hired a bunch of guys to do things
for us.

## 2021-01-06

We bought some lighting equipment for out future home. That's about it
for the day, but it's not like we had anything else planned.

## 2021-01-07

We spent the day demolishing the insides of the apartment so it can be
renovated later. In contrast to what I thought, it absolutely wasn't
fun, and we also barely made any progress. Most of the wooden stuff
and wallpapers have already been destroyed, but everything else,
including the old ass soviet floors, is still there. One funny thing
that happened is how we had to lift 4 rolls of floor material via the
window because it was too wide to fit the staircase. Unfortunately I
couldn't help them with that, so some random guy from the street did.
I'm not sure how the guys we invited are going to unwrap the whole
thing, but I guess it's not our problem.

## 2021-01-08

I decided to not to go the place today and leave my parents alone.
They didn't mind it, and I hope they did well today. Instead I did
nothing as usual and also finally came up with a solution to my broken
touchpad - [libinput-touchpad-scroll-fix]. I hope it'll be useful to
more than just me.

[libinput-touchpad-scroll-fix]: https://gitlab.com/kirbykevinson/libinput-touchpad-scroll-fix

Update: nope, they didn't do well. Not only the barely made any
progress, it also turned out that the walls inside of the apartment
are soviet cardboard crap, and now they're going to destroy *every*
***single*** ｗａｌｌ there. Holy shit.

## 2021-01-09

Uhhh, not much happened. I had the first English class this year. It
was alright (meaning I got another chance to talk in English to actual
human beings) except the fact that I didn't do the homework again. My
parents were meanwhile continuing with wall destruction. I'm not sure
how they're dealing with the construction waste.

## 2021-01-10

I was forced to go with them this time. It turned out destroying walls
produces much more waste than I expected. We managed to get rid of 2
out of 3 piles of waste, but the last one is bigger than the other 2
combined. It seems reasonable to assume that we won't be able to get
rid of it on time, but my parents are very optimistic in this regard
for some reason. Tomorrow 3 more walls are going to be destroyed, but
I hope it won't involve me this time as I'm tired as fuck.

## 2021-01-11

Yup, I didn't have to be there. Do I feel bad about doing so? Probably
yes, but whatever, I had enough yesterday and they could manage
everything, so I guess it's not that bad. In any case, it was mostly
another day of desperately trying to find something to do. As usual, I
was falling back to watching YouTube videos. Maybe I need to finally
program something.
