---
title: "02 - February"
---

## 2021-02-01

I was completely unprepared for the classes and expected the whole
thing to be a disaster, but it luckily wasn't one. Thank God.

I've been recently thinking about coming out to my class. I know that
doing things regarding my gender identity is technically taking care
of myself, but I still feel like I'd feel bad for doing it because
there are more important issues in my life that also need to be taken
care of. In any case, I'll try. By the way, it's been more than a
month since I last tried to contact my doctor. She's most likely back,
so I'll try to schedule an appointment tomorrow, and hopefully
everything will go fine.

In any case, I need to come out on this website first. [Here's the
blogpost].

[Here's the blogpost]: /blog/coming-out/

## 2021-02-02

A very unexpected thing happened today. It all began when I came up
to, let's say, a person I live with to notify him that my phone's
battery is getting bloated again and I really need a new phone. What
followed is amounts of screaming you can't even imagine. First he told
me to earn the money for the phone myself, which I denied because I
have no job and no possibility to get one in near future. His reply
was to sell my phone, but I denied this too because the only way this
phone can be bought is if the buyer doesn't know about the problem,
and I couldn't allow this because because this is against the
principles I live by. He refused to acknowledge that, insisted on
selling the phone in any case, and called my principles fake. After I
once again told him that he's not in the right here he went on a rant
about how I'm leeching off him and that he'd gladly kick me the fuck
out of the house despite knowing that I won't be able to survive alone
as I have no income and a lot of mental issues. My obvious reply was
that I'd kill myself in that case because that would be my only thing
to do, to which he replied with something along the lines of "Haha,
yeah alright, sure you can, you pussy ;)" At this point the
"discussion" became to heated and I even started crying. A little bit
later I came up to him and politely offered him to go to the doctor
because him screaming at me is a real problem that needs to be solved
on his side. To this offer had a lot of excuses; according to him: I
was the one causing this problem, so he won't bother fixing it on his
side; it wasn't as serious to be actually solved by a doctor; he
already went to a doctor a billion years ago and it didn't help, so it
wouldn't help this time too; he just couldn't go to the doctor because
this would make him unable to work; and that apparently abuse like
this happens in other families too, so I just deal with it. At some
point he agreed to go to the doctor, but then something snapped and he
offered to kill himself instead. After a little while he started
threatening me more obviously by grabbing that one big-ass knife I cut
myself with, putting it near his neck, and telling me that he's gonna
cut if I don't convince him otherwise. What followed is the most
intense mental breakdown I've ever had. After several minutes of
intense screaming, he finally put down the knife and promised not to
kill himself. The whole action was observed by 2 other people I live
with, and they had to go outside and chill for a while to get out of
the shock. Currently he still refuses to go to the doctor because
apparently he'll lose his driver license if he goes to a hospital, but
I'm not so convinced. I hope it won't escalate from here.

A therapist appointment was scheduled on February 4th. I'm kinda
anxious because of the doubt and things like this.

## 2021-02-03

On this first two classes we had a new teacher introducing himself. He
asked each one of us to introduce ourselves too, and even though the
whole process was taking a lot of time as the guy really likes to talk
about stuff, he had enough time to hear my introduction. I did of
course brag about my shit ðŸ˜Ž. I'm satisfied. On the next 2 classes we
had the subject to which I was still unprepared, but everything
luckily went fine. We're having the same subject tomorrow, so the
things still have time to go wrong.

I'm so scared of going to the therapist. I can't stop thinking about
the ways it can go wrong, and there's a lot of them. But I can't just
give up because this is the only way I have.

## 2021-02-04

The therapist session went surprisingly fine. The doctor that is
actually mine was still absent, so I decided to talk to the
replacement one in any case. First we discussed the drugs I take. I
told her that we lowered the dose of the drug that makes me feel
drugged, and she told me to keep taking the lowered dose. Then we
discussed the gender issues, which I introduced by saying "I have some
gender identity issues" and "I'm experiencing a discomfort with the
sex I was assigned at birth." Her reaction was pretty reasonable - she
just asked how I feel, what name would I like to go by, and what I'm
gonna do about it. No tricky questions as you see. In the end she
scheduled me a psychologist appointment on February 15th, and I hope
this one is going to be fine too. I'm so happy that I finally have
this thing off my chest.

So a while has passed, and I'm now no longer optimistic about the
oncoming psychologist session. A lot of things can still go wrong. For
example, one thing is that the session is only 40 minutes, so I'm not
sure how she's gonna assess me in so little time. Also aside of gender
issues, I have motivation problems, so when are we supposed to talk
about them? So yeah, the whole thing will still make awake at night.

The classes were fine. The disaster happened quietly, and half of the
classes were spent with that guy who likes to talk too much. Also I
once again had a chance to brag to him, this time about jamtext.
