---
title: "02 - February"
---

## 2021-02-01

I was completely unprepared for the classes and expected the whole
thing to be a disaster, but it luckily wasn't one. Thank God.

I've been recently thinking about coming out to my class. I know that
doing things regarding my gender identity is technically taking care
of myself, but I still feel like I'd feel bad for doing it because
there are more important issues in my life that also need to be taken
care of. In any case, I'll try. By the way, it's been more than a
month since I last tried to contact my doctor. She's most likely back,
so I'll try to schedule an appointment tomorrow, and hopefully
everything will go fine.

In any case, I need to come out on this website first. [Here's the
blogpost].

[Here's the blogpost]: /blog/coming-out/

## 2021-02-02

A very unexpected thing happened today. It all began when I came up
to, let's say, a person I live with to notify him that my phone's
battery is getting bloated again and I really need a new phone. What
followed is amounts of screaming you can't even imagine. First he told
me to earn the money for the phone myself, which I denied because I
have no job and no possibility to get one in near future. His reply
was to sell my phone, but I denied this too because the only way this
phone can be bought is if the buyer doesn't know about the problem,
and I couldn't allow this because because this is against the
principles I live by. He refused to acknowledge that, insisted on
selling the phone in any case, and called my principles fake. After I
once again told him that he's not in the right here he went on a rant
about how I'm leeching off him and that he'd gladly kick me the fuck
out of the house despite knowing that I won't be able to survive alone
as I have no income and a lot of mental issues. My obvious reply was
that I'd kill myself in that case because that would be my only thing
to do, to which he replied with something along the lines of "Haha,
yeah alright, sure you can, you pussy ;)" At this point the
"discussion" became to heated and I even started crying. A little bit
later I came up to him and politely offered him to go to the doctor
because him screaming at me is a real problem that needs to be solved
on his side. To this offer had a lot of excuses; according to him: I
was the one causing this problem, so he won't bother fixing it on his
side; it wasn't as serious to be actually solved by a doctor; he
already went to a doctor a billion years ago and it didn't help, so it
wouldn't help this time too; he just couldn't go to the doctor because
this would make him unable to work; and that apparently abuse like
this happens in other families too, so I just deal with it. At some
point he agreed to go to the doctor, but then something snapped and he
offered to kill himself instead. After a little while he started
threatening me more obviously by grabbing that one big-ass knife I cut
myself with, putting it near his neck, and telling me that he's gonna
cut if I don't convince him otherwise. What followed is the most
intense mental breakdown I've ever had. After several minutes of
intense screaming, he finally put down the knife and promised not to
kill himself. The whole action was observed by 2 other people I live
with, and they had to go outside and chill for a while to get out of
the shock. Currently he still refuses to go to the doctor because
apparently he'll lose his driver license if he goes to a hospital, but
I'm not so convinced. I hope it won't escalate from here.

A therapist appointment was scheduled on February 4th. I'm kinda
anxious because of the doubt and things like this.

## 2021-02-03

On this first two classes we had a new teacher introducing himself. He
asked each one of us to introduce ourselves too, and even though the
whole process was taking a lot of time as the guy really likes to talk
about stuff, he had enough time to hear my introduction. I did of
course brag about my shit 😎. I'm satisfied. On the next 2 classes we
had the subject to which I was still unprepared, but everything
luckily went fine. We're having the same subject tomorrow, so the
things still have time to go wrong.

I'm so scared of going to the therapist. I can't stop thinking about
the ways it can go wrong, and there's a lot of them. But I can't just
give up because this is the only way I have.

## 2021-02-04

The therapist session went surprisingly fine. The doctor that is
actually mine was still absent, so I decided to talk to the
replacement one in any case. First we discussed the drugs I take. I
told her that we lowered the dose of the drug that makes me feel
drugged, and she told me to keep taking the lowered dose. Then we
discussed the gender issues, which I introduced by saying "I have some
gender identity issues" and "I'm experiencing a discomfort with the
sex I was assigned at birth." Her reaction was pretty reasonable - she
just asked how I feel, what name would I like to go by, and what I'm
gonna do about it. No tricky questions as you see. In the end she
scheduled me a psychologist appointment on February 15th, and I hope
this one is going to be fine too. I'm so happy that I finally have
this thing off my chest.

So a while has passed, and I'm now no longer optimistic about the
oncoming psychologist session. A lot of things can still go wrong. For
example, one thing is that the session is only 40 minutes, so I'm not
sure how she's gonna assess me in so little time. Also aside of gender
issues, I have motivation problems, so when are we supposed to talk
about them? So yeah, the whole thing will still make awake at night.

The classes were fine. The disaster happened quietly, and half of the
classes were spent with that guy who likes to talk too much. Also I
once again had a chance to brag to him, this time about jamtext.

## 2021-02-05

I'm not doing too great in terms of studying. I have a shitton of
undone assignments and absolutely zero motivation to do anything. Help
is required. Another problem is that I still haven't found a solution
to boredom, and something is telling me this weekend won't be too
great in this regard.

I kinda want to kill myself. Not because I'm depressed but rather
because it seems to be the most rational choice. If the things
continue going in this direction, which is highly likely, I'll end up
stuck in this shithole being a minimum wage worker for the rest of my
life. There's absolutely no reason why I'd prefer eternal suffering
over eternal nothing.

## 2021-02-06

Not much happened. I had a nice English class and a nice conversation
on the Fedora Discord server. The day was wasted, but at least I'm
satisfied.

## 2021-02-07

Yup, here's the extremely boring day I was waiting for. God, I hate my
life.

Okay, maybe it wasn't *that* boring, but you get the point.

I decided to try to sell my broken phone. No one will obviously buy
it, but why not.

## 2021-02-08

The day got fucked up right off the bat - my third in a row phone
charger just died in the middle of the night and didn't charge my
phone for shit. I ended up wandering around without the phone for the
rest of the day. The first 2 classes weren't anything out of the
ordinary - I didn't prepare, but no one gave a shit. On the next 2
classes we were supposed to skiing, which is a quite questionable
decision since none of us can ski and the best we can do is just bump
into a bunch of trees. I was going to skip the whole thing, but 2 of
my friends decided not to, convincing me to go with them. This was a
mistake and I shouldn't have trusted them, which later became obvious
to one of the 2 friends. Regarding the skiing itself, I was expecting
it to not happen because we'd be shoveling snow, instead but no, we
actually went skiing. We were supposed to ski about 4 rounds but had
time only for 2. I got really fucking tired after the first one and
also nearly killed myself by bumping into a tree, so my friend and I
decided to walk the second round on foot. So, yeah, the whole thing
was pretty cursed. The only thing redeeming it is the nice shawarma I
had afterwards. Unfortunately, the shawarma was so good, I started
feeling drugged despite only having drunk a half of the pill. Oh
well.

I created the r/desksurfaces subreddit to, well, let people post there
their desk surfaces. It's currently work in progress because I'm still
figuring out all of the configuration options, so you can't post there
yet.

## 2021-02-09

The phone has been finally sold. Not quite for the price I wanted but
still. I, however, made some mistakes that I was technically warned
about. First, I didn’t know how bank transfers work (you just need the
phone number) and told a complete stranger my credit card number. What
the fuck is wrong with me? Second, I invited the fucker to my very
house even though I wad explicitely told not to do so. Great! At least
the guy itself didn't look suspicious. Now that my phone is sold I
have another problem - we suddenly have no Internet and with no phone
I have no way to do basically anything. I even had to borrow my
groupmate's phone to write this entry.

Okay, now I do have Internet, kind of. The issue was caused not by our
ISP fucking up but by our dad deciding that we longer need Wi-Fi at
home and we'll be fine using mobile Internet. This is absolutely
ridiculous, but there's nothing I can do about it since it was decided
by him. Another thing is that we apparently agreed that instead of
buying a new phone I'll get my mom's. It's not like it's not okay, but
I'm still kind of unsatisfied by this decision. What if the battery
issue is specific to this phone model. In any case, whatever.

Soooo, uhhhhhh, I now kinda have a Google account again. And I'm also
thinking of using a regular Android and not LineageOS. I'm sorry, free
software, but I have no choice. The modern world leaves me with no
choice but to use proprietary garbage.

## 2021-02-10

Nothing happened that's particularly worth describing. All of the
classes were with that one guy who likes to talk too much. He spent
most of his time describing some OOP concepts no one gives a shit
about and then gave us a really vague and confusing task involving
abstract classes. Somehow I managed to do what he wanted, and as far
as I'm aware only 1 other person did the same. When I got home it was
not quite as it always is. I'm still adapting to using proprietary
garbage on my phone, so I hesitated a bit when watching YouTube videos
and doing shit like this. Also I discovered a funny video of an old
man dancing naked and flapping his dick around. I can't stop watching
it.

Okay, if there's nothing worth describing, then how the fuck did I
just shit out a whole paragraph of text? In any case, whatever.

## 2021-02-11

Today we had 4 classes of the same subject as yesterday. On the first
class we had a little stupid test, nothing unusual. On the next class
he was trying to teach us UI/UX basics, but no one gave a shit about
it obviously. On the last 2 classes he was explaining the C++ basics
to the people who don't understand it. He also gave us a task to
"write something in C++"; I decided to finally write a utility to
convert jamtext to XML. I got a good grade.

My dad stopped bitching and finally brought back the Internet at home.
He also bought me a new phone because mine is going to be given to my
sister which recently drowned hers. The phone is some Xiaomi piece of
shit, and the only reason why I chose it is because it supports
LineageOS.

Overall, I think it was a pretty good day.

Never fucking mind. Apparently to upload a custom ROM on this Chinese
piece of shit you have to wait whole 7 days. Now I'll have to use this
piece of crap called MiUI for the whole week. Great!

## 2021-02-12

Great, I now have one more thing to worry about. First, the fucking
phone. It's not like MiUI is a bad OS by itself, but I just don't want
to use it. I'd rather use clean proprietary malware by Google than one
by Xiaomi. I really want to get rid of this shit, and it doesn't leave
my mind. Now I'll be counting days left everyday, which there are
currently 6 of. Also I'll be constantly afraid of accidentally not
controlling myself and pressing the wrong button, making me wait these
excruciating 7 days again. Second, the therapist appointment. It's
really close, but I'm absolutely not in the right mind for it. I'm so
overfilled with doubt. I know it's supposed to be a natural thing for
people like me, but I didn't know it would be so much. I'm so scared
to talk about it. What if I'm just faking it or there's another reason
for it? I hope for at least the doctor not being transphobic and
helping me a bit in solving this situation.

It looks like I managed to convince another friend of mine to make a
website. Brilliant! Maybe I should help him in improving the markup or
try to convince one more.

## 2021-02-13

Aside from not being so boring, the day was pretty usual, especially
in terms of calorie consumption. The English class today was canceled
because the teacher is doing some business. My mom told me that
despite having little money, we're still going to Turkey in summer.
Maybe I need to add it to the trip journal.

## 2021-02-14

The weekend passed by pretty quickly, but I think I did have some rest
now.

I've recently had some success with talking to people, both online and
IRL. Also my Reddit posts seem to accumulate more karma now, which I
currently have 5000 of. Most of it was recieved from [my political
compass post]. The subreddit I posted it on is of questionable
quality, but it was the only place to publish a silly post like this.

[my political compass post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalCompassMemes/comments/lj00lx/ephemeral_rift_political_compass/

I recently discovered [Neocities Neighborhoods], so I may or may not
join one soon.

[Neocities Neighborhoods]: https://neo-neighborhoods.neocities.org/

## 2021-02-15

The psychologist appointment went about as fine as I would expect from
this country. She was, of course, trying to scare me so I change my
mind and accept suffering over being myself. No, lady, your tricks
like this don't work on me. There weren't any stupid questions as she
fully understood the transgender stuff, but there were poorly phrased
ones, which I just couldn't comprehed. For example, "If you start
taking hormones but don't have enough money for bottom surgery, does
it mean you'd stop halfway? What would you feel about it?" Like, what
the fuck is that even supposed to mean? In any case, she acknowledged
the poor communication between us and said that she'll try asking
better questions. In the end I was given another 600 question quiz,
and it took me about an hour to fill it in. Not sure if it was even
different from the last one, but who cares. The next appointment is
scheduled on 2021-03-01 10:00 and she says even more appointments with
different kinds of doctors are coming. So far I'd say I'm satisfied
because I feel like I've made some progress.

The only important class of the day got canceled, so I decided not to
attend at all. They won't be able to do anything to me in any case.
The rest of the day was like usual as my mood dropped to shit shortly
after getting home.

## 2021-02-16

It was a regular day of studying. We were supposed to have an
extremely hard test that we absolutely wouldn't be able to copy, but
guess what, we did. Suck my dick, you fucking educational system 😎
After the classes ended, my friends and I decided to go eat something
but ended up eating quite more than something - a large shawarma and
an additional KFC cheeseburger. According to the calculations of one
of my friends, I consumed 1500 calories. Impressive, what can I say.
When I got home I recieved the concept of the website from the friend
I got into Neocities, and now I'm supposed to code him the markup. I
know it doesn't sound cool doing it for free, but I'm really *really*
bored, so why not.

## 2021-02-17

We keed having the same lessons everyday. This is very good because I
fucking hate one lesson and we're luckily not having it. On the
classes my friend and I were working on polishing the website, the
markup of which I made yesterday. Some really weird shit was happening
with the fonts until I realized that you don't need to put quotes
around some fonts such as sans-serif while you need for the others. It
looks like I made this mistake on my website too, so I need to fix it.
After the classes we went to KFC again, where I ate a shitton of food
again. I feel bad for spending so much money. Unfortunately, due to
some drug experiments with my mom, I started feeling drugged again,
but it seems like taking the rest of intended dose helped a bit. Right
now I have an idea to write 2 blogposts about my controversial
opinions, one of which will be about ISO 8601. Let's hope it doesn't
take me too much time to write them.

## 2021-02-18

Disappointingly few things happened today. While I finally listed the
main points I want to discuss in the 2 articles, I couldn't force
myself to start writing them. I hope that I at least write something
by the end of this day. Also I can't reflash my phone until it's like
23:00 or something, so it's another big sad.

## 2021-02-19

The day started with a little nasty surprise. Yesterday I rubbed my
left too much, and when I woke up it got really swollen. I couldn't
allow myself to go study like this, so I skipped everything. My mom
knew what to do in this case, so I initially didn't go to the doctor,
but when I did they were no available, so I'll go to one tomorrow. The
day itself was quite productive. I finally flashed my phone, and
everything seems to be working except the front camera. Who gives a
shit. I helped my friend with his website once more, and now his
concrete slab is located just where it should be. I almost finished
writing the first article, so I expect me to release it sometime
today. I'll start writing the second article shortly afterwards.

## 2021-02-20

I didn't know that the English courses today would be remote, so I
ended up going all the way to the office for no reason. Not much else
happened except [the first article] being finally published.

[the first article]: /blog/controversial-things-i-like/
