---
title: "03 - March"
---

## 2021-03-01

The psychologist session didn't go... at all. We spent about half an
hour talking about what we're supposed to talk about and made jack
shit out of it. She accuses me of "having nothing to talk about," but
how the fuck am I supposed to know what to talk about? You're the
specialist here and not me, bitch. I was desperately trying to ask
what I'm supposed to do now, but she just told me to "come back when I
have something to talk about." Are you fucking kidding me? How the
hell do you expect to find something you need to me say? In the end,
we just agreed that she isn't compatible with me as a specialist and
that I need to look for another psychologist. Fucking incredible. I
just wasted a fucking month of my life just to end up with a shithead
not understanding me. I won't be surprised if a different therapist
will give me another 600 question test and do nothing to actually help
me. God, I fucking hate this country. Why can't they just be
straightforward and do what they're supposed to?

The classes were about as crappy as usual. For the first time since
forever I got a bad grade on English because I didn't learn anything.
The teacher was trying to mock me for that, but good luck I stopped
giving a shit about my grades a long time ago. What however I didn't
stop giving a shit is the psychiatrist fiasco that happened today. In
other words, my day was fucking ruined. I tried to fix it by
overeating but did it too much - I ended up eating 3 hamburgers and 1
sandwich. My stomach is dying now.
