---
title: "04 - April"
---

## 2021-04-01

Another productive day. Basically, the server of my project is ready.
The only feature I that I planned left is attachments. Everything else
just works™ and doesn't seem to be too buggy. Also I finally switched
all of my CSS shit to `box-sizing: border-box;` because why not.

## 2021-04-02

Yup, one more productive day. I implemented attaching files for the
chat. Now the whole thing is basically done because I did everything I
planned. Some polishing is, of course, still required, but I guess it
wouldn't be too hard. What I'm currently afraid of is that now I won't
have anything to do again and will be even more bored that before. I
guess it then will be the right time to start playing video games and
watching anime.

## 2021-04-03

The exact thing I was afraid of happened. The day was boring. I had
absolutely nothing todo. Needless to say, I ate a lot of fast food
again. Did it help? No. I haven't started playing video games/watching
anime yet because I'm too lazy to start, but I guess I will soon
because there's not much choice.

Oh great. After another update, my GRUB got fucked up and I wasn't
able to boot my sistem. This is extremely weird because I did the same
update on my laptop and it didn't break. I suspect my motherboard
fucked up some EFI variable or something. In any case, all I had to do
was `sudo dnf reinstall grub2-efi-x64 shim-x64`, and now everything
works again. Also just before that, I found out about a bug in Mutter,
which I, of course, [reported]. God, I report so many bugs, I might as
well make a bug report journal.

[reported]: https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/mutter/-/issues/1736

Done, here's [the bug report journal].

[the bug report journal]: /journal/bug-reports/

## 2021-04-04

It was a "meh" kind of day. Right after I woke up, my parents invited
me to go shopping for building materials. I had absolutely nothing
planned for the day, so I, of course, agreed. We ended up not bying a
single building material and one laundry basket. Yeah, and also a
shitton of food, which I ate. When I came home I was back into the
state of boredom right until the moment I decided to do something
about jamtext. I took me some time, but I finally fixed Unicode
parsing there. I used a custom UTF-8 encoding function, which I stole
from GitHub and, of course, credited. I planned to do the same thing
for number parsing/printing too, but it turned out there are no good
number printers that I can find. I decided to write one myself, and I
think I was successful. I'll just assume that it works perfectly until
someone finds a bug.

## 2021-04-05

We got the second dose of the COVID-19 vaccine. Just like I expected,
something got fucked up again. The doctor that was filling my papers
was barely alive and moved his fingers slower than sloth's shit. He
barely asked me any questions about my medical history, but luckily I
don't have anything harmful, and he did it so slow that my father that
entered after I did got out faster. And if that wasn't enough, he
wrote the entry in my vaccination certificate in the wrong place and
made a mistake in the date, and I had to go back so he corrected it.
*Sigh*. I'm not even sure if the shit he wrote is valid and whether
I'll be allowed to go abroad with it. In any case, the best I can do
now is hope.

The day was unexpectedly productive. A guy from discord suggested me
to add link highlighting to my chat. It was a good idea, so I did it,
but I didn't stop there. I decided to also add deleting and editing
messages. I had to rewrite the whole for it to work, but I did it. The
app is now an order of magnitude more complex, but I believe it was
worth it. Now when I'm at it, why don't I implement more features like
reactions from Discord? Well, we'll see how long I'll be able to keep
it up.

## 2021-04-06

Expectedly, I got sick. It wasn't as bad as the last time but still
annoying. In addition to that, I haven't taken a shower in like a
week, so I was really uncomfortable. I was trying my best to continue
improving the chat. I made some architectural changes, and even
attempted to add unlimited message history but failed. Well, I guess
another time.

## 2021-04-07

The day was disappointingly uneventful. We didn't attend the previous
2 days but today started attending again. I didn't do anything on the
"classes." One topic that I got to discuss with the groupmates is
vaccination. They say they refuse to vaccinate because they think the
government is lying to them. This is really bad news because if the
government fucked up so badly that people don't want to trust the
science, we're really in trouble. I'll, of course, stay optimistic and
hope that the vaccination campain goes well regardless and we as a
species can properly recover. In any case, when I got home, still
nothing happened. Even the English class got canceled. But at least
I'm not bored yet.

## 2021-04-08

I felt so meh I don't even feel like writing this entry. To be fair,
it wasn't as bad as the last summer, but still. Just like expected,
now I'm actually bored and extremely unwilling to do anything. I
brought my laptop to the classes as usual but ended up not using it a
single time. Apart from some actually fun conversations and games I've
done with my friends, I spent the entire time scrolling through
Reddit. In fact, I scrolled so far down that I was seeing posts with
no upvotes. The thoughts that weren't leaving my mind of my mind were
about how pathetic I am. While I'm here at college managing to not get
kicked out, everything's probably gonna be fine, but what's next? I've
hit the roof in terms of education I can get because I'm absolutely
terrible at getting through it, so chances are college education
(which if you don't know, is much different in Russia from what it is
in the US and is valued much less) is what I'm gonna end up with for
the rest of my life. Thus, it's highly likely that I'm gonna be stuck
in this shithole country that doesn't care about me and doesn't want
me to be myself for the rest of my life, and I just can't get over it.
And if that wasn't enough, as I mentioned countless times on this
website, I'm really shitty at working, so I highly question my ability
to get any job higher level than a McDonald's cashier. So what's the
point of it all then? Why should I bother living this live if it's
gonna be nothing but suffering? This is the exact question I should
ask to my psychologist, but I'm too lazy to even find time to schedule
an appointment with them because I'm constantly forgetting about it. I
mean come on, I'm too lazy to use escapism to my advantage by playing
Minecraft or watching anime because I just can't force myself to take
my ass of the bed and do the simplest thing ever. God, I hate myself.

## 2021-04-09

*Sigh*. So today the teacher was taking a final look at our works
before they get presenting. My personal project worked just fine but
the group one required some tweaking. More specifically, my friend
forgot to put an error message in a place where it should be, leading
me to beilieve that there's a serious bug in the program. In the end,
we've got eveything sorted and the teacher accepted it. We got our
grades allegedly based on how good we performed our roles in the
roles, and that was about it for the classes - we spent the rest of
the time playing. Also he said that each one of us should make a
report of both the personal and the portion they contributed for the
group project by next Wednesday. And yeah, I forgot to mention, but
the personal project and the thesis are treated as 2 different things
despite not being them. That makes no sense, and we'll have to just
pretend, but I'm already used to things like this. The real question
here is how the fuck was it even legal to assign us 2 works at once. I
mean both of them would be really hard to do if we actually weren't
lazy and doing things, so I really don't know. In any case, making a
report doesn't seem like a really big problem for me, and I'm also
used to ignoring such logical problems, so I guess I shouldn't worry
too much. Well, I shouldn't worry much about college, but I still do
have the problem of boredom. So here's a promise: right after writing
this entry I'll start playing a video game or watching anime.

## 2021-04-10

Today I had the first class of preparation to the English exams.
Somehow my English courses teacher wasn't notified of it, so she lost
me for some time. Unlike I expected, the classes took 160 minutes and
not 80, but they weren't actually boring. We talked about some quirks
of the exam and practiced a bit on mock tasks. Overall, not bad. When
I got home I continued my GNOME bug hunting. I provided some info on
the DMA-BUF screensharing bug and now am looking for participating in
its fix. I also recently had an idea to switch to X.org until Wayland
is in a better shape but decided to play smart. I configured my
Flatpak Qt apps and Firefox to properly work on both Wayland and X11
and also finally figured out how to do fractonal scaling on X.org. Now
I can use both windowing systems and switcb between them whenever I
want. Cool.

## 2021-04-11

I spent most of the day being bored and scared of what's gonna come
tomorrow (more college suffering). But closer to the evening, I took a
nice walk and played Minecraft with my friend. So overall, could be
worse.

## 2021-04-12

Nothing unexpected happened. Just like every other time, it was an
excruciating day that only reminded me of why I hate this place. And
guess what, I forgot to schedule an appointment with a psychologist
*again*, which is the exact thing I need now. In any case, the classes
were about as putrid as usual. First, we had English. The bitch didn't
teach us shit by using a prehistoric textbook and pretended that she's
a good teacher that does something. Like, you know, what she always
does. Then, we had "life safety" or whatever the fuck it's called in
English. We wrote 2 practical works and were given 2 more to write at
home. Of course I don't want to do shit and it's now only additional
pain in the ass. After that, we had P.E. I didn't even have my clothes
with me, so I didn't do shit the entire class.I was also forced to
write a little test, to which I wrote everything by guessing. Who
gives a shit. Last, we had 1C, on which I expected her to check my
works I was supposed to do on the practice. Unfortunately, she gave us
some technology quiz shit for grandmas, and we spent more than half of
the class for it. Not only she didn't check shit, but I also recieved
a score of 7/10 of computer literacy, including 6/10 for cyber
security. Are you fucking kidding me? I'm literally the most paranoid
person in the group. *Sigh*. So in the end, now I'm left with 2 1C
tasks to do until tomorrow, 1 bigass report to do until Wednesday,
which I haven't even started yet, and a terrible fucking mood.
Perfect. That's exactly what I expected from the first day of
studying. Fuck you, life, and your terrible jokes.

## 2021-04-13

Yesterday I got an idea to implement scrolling speed setting in Mutter
by myself, and it made me constantly think about it for the rest of
this day. Right when I came to college, I got the news that we don't
only need a report but also a presentation, but it later also turned
out that the presentation has been postponed, so the things now are
not that bad. On the 1C classes I got time to only present her 7 for
10 of my works, and it was quite far from perfect because I didn't
know shit about what I was talking about. After 1C we had databases, I
was watching funny prank videos instead of actually doing anything,
and in the end the teacher just told me to go home and not waste her
time. Cool.

Okay so I took a deeper look into Mutter's code base, and oh boy, it's
complicated. It seems like I'll only be able to implement scrolling
speed for touchpads and not mouses, but I guess that's enough.

Okay, I give up. I implemented the setting itself but not a way to set
it yet. I guess I'll continue tomorrow.

My laptop's up arrow button started getting suck, and I thought my
monitor/GPU started dying because there was a random red line that
somehow vanished. Cool. That's the exact kind of thing I expected from
my life.

## 2021-04-14

Well, today I continued what I started yesterday and sort of succeded.
I managed to make the setting work and even submitted a merge request.
But to be fair, it sucks fucking balls, and there's no way it can get
accepted. I also tried to make the setting work with mice but failed
because couldn't figure out Glib bullshit. That certainly makes me
feel like a failure as a programmer and an imposter (sus 😳). In any
case, the classes were pretty good today. I managed to do everything I
just described on the first class of programming and spent the other 2
classes of 1C doing nothing. She was supposed to check the rest of my
works but somehow didn't find time. Well, who gives a shit.

## 2021-04-15

So a few days ago [saint-images] updated his website, which I'm a big
fan of, and mentioned that he'd finished his website redesign and the
only step that was left was mobile support. I decided to do the same
thing as I did for [jackomix] - write a little CSS snippet that'd fix
everything. Unfortutanely, it turned out that I couldn't do in this
case because he did everything using tables and iframes, and it'd be a
good idea just to rewrite everything. While I could theoretically do
it, I decided to just forget about it. Yesterday while wandering
around Neocities, I stumbled upon his website and decided to do the
first thing that was on my mind - politely comment that his markup
fucking sucks, which is a pretty common thing for indie websites, and
that while I'm not much better in this regard, I'm free to offer him
help. As one comment nearly instantly pointed out, I was being a toxic
asshole, which is perfectly understandable considering I'm a fucking
sociopath, but it made me feel incredible shame. saint-images himself
reacted normally to my comment, but I still felt guilt for just
throwing shit at a person without actually helping him. I still was
interested in the layout of his website, so I decided to recreate it
using proper mobile-friendly, at least to the extent I'm capable of,
HTML and CSS. I think it turned out pretty good, and he even thanked
me for doing it, but I still feel bad for insulting him. I mean it's
just a comment I made on the Internet, so I shouldn't give a shit, but
my complete lack of any kind of life, both online and IRL, doesn't let
this issue slip off so easily. Today I checked Neocities again, and it
seems like someone unsubscribed from me. I mean it's not the first
time it happens, and it's most likely not related to the incident, but
for fuck's sake. My paranoia now won't let me go for days. You know,
I'm very self-concious about my follower count. I never get many
followers on any service, which is perfectly reasonable because I'm an
uninteresting person and 90% of the time I talk about my problems no
one else needs, and whenever someone unsubscribes, I just die inside.
Why do I even care about it? It's just a number on the screen. It's
not like I had any relationship with them, they're just random people
that may or may not like my website. I myself like or not like
websites of other people, and there's nothing wrong with it, so why it
be wrong in the opposite direction. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH. What
is fucking wrong with me.

[saint-images]: https://saint-images.neocities.org/
[jackomix]: https://jackomix.neocities.org/

Today we had 6 classes. Well, we were supposed to, but the last 2
classes were databases, so I decided that the most rational decision
would be to skip them since I'd likely get kicked out like the last
time. Those 4 classes that I did have completely wasted me. It's not
like I really studied, but thinking about my recent fuckup completely
exhausted me. I feel terrible. Only negative thoughts are coming into
my head. I wish I could just die.

I seriously want to fucking kill myself. I see no point in continuing
existing - a McDonald's cashier is my career limit. In short term, I
don't know what to do either because I just want this day to finally
end, but I know that tomorrow is not gonna be better. And did I
mention, we're studying on this Saturday. Fucking incredible. That's
some perfect timing right here.

## 2021-04-16

Well, there's not much I can say that I didn't say yesterday. I'm
absolutely devastated. If there was a gun near me, I'd absolutely
shoot myself. The best I can do now is to wait until I can get a
psychologist appointment.

## 2021-04-17

Today we had another English exam preparation class, and it allowed me
to skip college. The college classes were awful, and it's good that I
skipped them because I'd fucking implode because of sadness if even a
little thing went wrong. On the classes we discussed the listening and
writing parts of the exam. It seems like they're really not that hard,
but I'm still bad at them because I'm inattentive and make really
stupid mistakes. On next Saturday we have a mock exam, so we'll see
how exactly stupid I really am. Other than the classes, I felt better
today. The will to kill myself didn't go away, but my mood wasn't as
bad as yersterday at least. I still couldn't force myself to do
anything though, so I guess I can try again tomorrow.

## 2021-04-18

I felt about as good as yesterday (i.e. almost no suicidal thoughts),
but the day was extremely fucking boring. I went shopping with my dad,
and it was about the only interesting thing for the day. I also helped
my friend with his website, which motivated me to help myself with my
own website too. Long story short, I refactored some stuff, which I
should've done a long time ago. I couldn't force myself to do anything
college-related though.

## 2021-04-19

The day started pretty shitty. I was about as sad as usual, and it
continued for quite some time. The first 2 classes were awfully
boring, so the only choice my friend and I had is to start developing
the game I saw in my dream, PToilet. Well, it only took us like 2
ours, and [here it is]. To be fair, it sucks, and it'd be great to
rewrite it in JavaScript, but it's better than nothing. On the last
class, someone mentioned my LGBT people list, so we had quite a
conversation about it. We identified one more LGBT person, found out
that one cute boy is a transphobic troll, and laughed at how some of
us are gay despite not looking like it. Also I got an interesting idea
to write an app that identified your gender and sexuality based on
your input, sort of like 8values. I'll start coding it when I have
time.

[here it is]: https://concreteslab.itch.io/ptoilet

## 2021-04-20

Yesterday we were told that we wouldn't have the first class today due
to the teacher doing some important business. Guess what, they were
wrong - the teacher, who at the same time also governs some pretty
important stuff in our college, managed to find time just for our
class. As you can expect, no one told us about it, and we just didn't
attend. Right in your face, motherfucker. I guess she was furious, but
I couldn't care less because she's a major asshole just like the P.E.
teacher and the English teacher, the last of whom also does some
important shit and additionally tortures me with "special treatment."
In any case, there's not much I could do personally because when I
heard the news, 20 minutes of the class already passed while I was on
the shitter in the process of slowly laying turds. When dressing up to
get out, I remembered that someone actually code reviewed my number
printer thingy on Stack Exchange, so I just had to read it. From the
first couple of lines, it was obvious that I severely fucked up and
they were reasonably covering me in shit. I was anxious to read it, so
it took me some time, but in the end, it wasn't actually so bad
because I just fucked up in a few corner cases, which mostly don't
affect my little library. Considering it was my first attempt and I'm
jack shit of a real programmer that doesn't know what she's doing, I'd
call that success. I'll, of course, try to fix those issues in any
case because I won't be able to let it go until it's as perfect as I
can manage. So yeah, after getting to college we had a P.E. lesson, on
which we were tortured with useless trivia quizzes. It was pretty bad
but not as bad as actually doing any physical exercises. The next
lesson was going to be English, so my friend and I had to quickly do
the homework so our asses don't get kicked. We tried to do it remotely
but failed because it was really awkward. After English, we were
supposed to have databases, but I guess the teacher just gave up and
allowed us to leave. Good. Right now my mood is not so bad, and I feel
like watching my monthly dose of anime. We don't know when we're
supposed to present that shit that we were doing on the practice, so I
guess I still have time to write a report.

Well, I spent the rest of the day playing Minecraft. Good enough, I
guess.

## 2021-04-21

Instead of usual classes, today we had a so-called "military
gathering." No one explained us anything beforehand except that it'd
start at a certain time in a certain room, but it was obvious that it
was going to be the same kind of disgusting militaristic bullshit they
always shove down our throats. Unlike my friends, I didn't have an
excuse not to attend today since I didn't even know what it was going
to be, so I had no choice but to go there at least once. The class
started a little bit late, and there were another group sitting in the
same room at the same time. There was only one person teaching us - a
random P.E. guy, whose face I absolutely can't fucking stand because
he looks like a typical toxic excessively masculine guy. But at least
there were no guys from the actual military there, which I expected as
a possibility. Right after the class started, the first thing he did
was saying "only males need to attend this classes, everyone else can
go home." There are no words in the world that can describe the levels
of pain I experienced after hearing it. I cursed the day God decided
me to be born in this body with every cell of my body and was almost
ready to start screaminy out of desperation. I'd probably say that
this phrase was the thing that flushed any chances of this day being
any decent down the shitter as I'm still cursing my body and have
nothing in my head other than plans to kill myself. In any case, we
only had 1 class because it was the introduction or who the fuck cares
what. We had no copybooks, so we had to write the lecture on paper
sheets that later would probably be disposed by wiping the ass or
burned. The lecture was about technical specs of 2 random guns and 2
grenades, which are, I guess, the most used in the military, but who
needs that information in any case. Then he brought 2 guns and told us
to disassemble and assemble them back to practice some shit. After the
practice, he told us that each one of us had to do it again, this time
with a timer, because we apparently need to be able to do it in a
short time (like, 30 seconds) and he was going to track our progress.
Obviously, since I'd never touched a gun in my life, it took me more
than 3 minutes to do it, but in the end I was finally free. But the
things don't look as fine from now - this shit is going to continue
until the end of the week (including Saturday). He told us that
tomorrow, in addition to psychological torture, they'll add physical
torture by making us do military exercises and ranking us based on how
well we perform. He also told us that we're going to go to a shooting
range at some point, which I doubt is a good idea because giving a
person who wants to kill herself a gun is not the smartest decision.
So as you can expect, there's absolutely no fucking way that I'll
attend any of that shit. We were told that attendance to this crap
will affect our life safety semester grade, but I don't care since I'd
rather cry in the bed all day long than let those fuckers humiliate
and abuse me. So right now, as I mentioned, the things are not going
to well. I'm terribly sad and see no way the things can ever get
better. It'd be cool to go to the psychologist, but I once again
forgot to schedule an appointment, but even if I did, the waiting
times are incredibly long, so yeah. I'm thinking of skipping today's
English exam preparation classes and just sleep for the rest of the
day, but I don't know.

## 2021-04-22

According to my friend who did attend today, physical torture did take
place, so I guess it's good that I skipped the classes. Despite my
best efforts (just kidding, I haven't even tried), it was a pretty
lazy day. But to be fair, I did take 3 items of my todo list.

## 2021-04-23

As promised, we went to a shooting range. Nothing extraordinary
happened except, perhaps, me not missing for once. The whole thing
didn't even take much time, so I guess I'm satisfied with it. Tomorrow
we were told some really important shit happens, so I'll have to skip
my mock English exam. Well, too bad.

## 2021-04-24

*Sigh*. Nothing important happened. There was literally no reason to
attend and skip my English mock exam today. For fuck's sake. In any
case, the day was okay. I wanted to do something productive today, so
I decided to finally try again to implement scrolling speed for GNOME,
and this time I succeeded. It took me much more time than I expected,
so I couldn't do any college stuff, but I guess it was good enough
regardless.
