---
title: "04 - April"
---

## 2021-04-01

Another productive day. Basically, the server of my project is ready.
The only feature I that I planned left is attachments. Everything else
just worksâ„¢ and doesn't seem to be too buggy. Also I finally switched
all of my CSS shit to `box-sizing: border-box;` because why not.

## 2021-04-02

Yup, one more productive day. I implemented attaching files for the
chat. Now the whole thing is basically done because I did everything I
planned. Some polishing is, of course, still required, but I guess it
wouldn't be too hard. What I'm currently afraid of is that now I won't
have anything to do again and will be even more bored that before. I
guess it then will be the right time to start playing video games and
watching anime.

## 2021-04-03

The exact thing I was afraid of happened. The day was boring. I had
absolutely nothing todo. Needless to say, I ate a lot of fast food
again. Did it help? No. I haven't started playing video games/watching
anime yet because I'm too lazy to start, but I guess I will soon
because there's not much choice.

Oh great. After another update, my GRUB got fucked up and I wasn't
able to boot my sistem. This is extremely weird because I did the same
update on my laptop and it didn't break. I suspect my motherboard
fucked up some EFI variable or something. In any case, all I had to do
was `sudo dnf reinstall grub2-efi-x64 shim-x64`, and now everything
works again. Also just before that, I found out about a bug in Mutter,
which I, of course, [reported]. God, I report so many bugs, I might as
well make a bug report journal.

[reported]: https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/mutter/-/issues/1736

Done, here's [the bug report journal].

[the bug report journal]: /journal/bug-reports/

## 2021-04-04

It was a "meh" kind of day. Right after I woke up, my parents invited
me to go shopping for building materials. I had absolutely nothing
planned for the day, so I, of course, agreed. We ended up not bying a
single building material and one laundry basket. Yeah, and also a
shitton of food, which I ate. When I came home I was back into the
state of boredom right until the moment I decided to do something
about jamtext. I took me some time, but I finally fixed Unicode
parsing there. I used a custom UTF-8 encoding function, which I stole
from GitHub and, of course, credited. I planned to do the same thing
for number parsing/printing too, but it turned out there are no good
number printers that I can find. I decided to write one myself, and I
think I was successful. I'll just assume that it works perfectly until
someone finds a bug.
