---
title: "05 - May"
---

## 2021-05-01

Today was a nice sunny day. I mean, teachnically there were clouds in
the sky, and it was even raining at some point, but you get the point.
My mom, my sister, and I had a walk planned for today. When we finally
got outside, my mom decided that it'd be nice if she just left us
alone. Well, weird flex but okay, I guess. The first thing we did was
going to KFC and spending a mindblowing amount of money of food. We
didn't buy much in terms of calories, and used coupons, but we still
managed to spend like 10 bucks. Next, we were going to go to the
cinema, but the choice of films wasn't too interesting, so we decided
to actually walk instead. We went in a random direction using buying
more stickers for my laptop as motivation. We visited a clothing shop,
a household product shop, and finally a book shop themed mall.
Initially we went to the last one to find manga, but there were none.
We checked all 4 floors - nothing. Then we realized that there was
another basement floor, where there was a music instrument shop and a
cosmetics shop. The first one didn't have anything interesting other
than ridiculously priced bass guitars, but the latter one actually
did. For god knows what reason, a fucking cosmetics shop actually had
some stickers. We bought several of them since they were actually
interesting. After that, we continued going down that street, and it
was actually kinda interesting since I'd never walked there before.
There was a great variety of shops and shit, but none of them could've
possibly had any stickers, of course. After some time, we reached the
river port, which is like basically on the boundary of our city
despite being in a central area. At that moment, I was really
interested in continuing walking since it was a pefect occasion for
that, but my sister suddenly decided that she got tired. I tried my
best to persuade her to continue walking, but I reached the limit when
she started moaning every 5 seconds and making random stops. Initially
I decided that I'd let her go home and walk all the way home on foot,
but I quickly realized that it'd be ridiculous, especially considering
I had no cash in case I'd want to take a marshrutka back home. So I
decided to go home with home with her, but first we had to make a
pause at a grocery store to buy some ice cream. We ended up buying
chocolate, water, and, you guessed it, stickers instead. Yes, there
was a office product store in the same building as the grocery store
and they happened to have stickers. When we got to the bus stop, we
instantly missed some stops since my sister had barely any idea what
bus we should be looking for, making us miss several good ones. We
ended up getting on a bus that goes in our direction but not quite -
we'd still have to walk 1 stop, but it's not so bad right? I can't
possibly imagine what was going on in my sister's had at the moment,
but she decided that we shouldn't go out at the intended stop and
instead should go one stop further. And again, she was fucking tired,
so I have no idea what motivated her so much. I decided to take the
best advantage of the situation and go to the shop nearby and buy some
stuff our mom told us, but she refused, so we had to split. I ended up
getting back home earlier than her, so I suspect she might be hiding
something from me. In any case, who cares.
