---
title: "05 - May"
---

## 2021-05-01

Today was a nice sunny day. I mean, teachnically there were clouds in
the sky, and it was even raining at some point, but you get the point.
My mom, my sister, and I had a walk planned for today. When we finally
got outside, my mom decided that it'd be nice if she just left us
alone. Well, weird flex but okay, I guess. The first thing we did was
going to KFC and spending a mindblowing amount of money of food. We
didn't buy much in terms of calories, and used coupons, but we still
managed to spend like 10 bucks. Next, we were going to go to the
cinema, but the choice of films wasn't too interesting, so we decided
to actually walk instead. We went in a random direction using buying
more stickers for my laptop as motivation. We visited a clothing shop,
a household product shop, and finally a book shop themed mall.
Initially we went to the last one to find manga, but there were none.
We checked all 4 floors - nothing. Then we realized that there was
another basement floor, where there was a music instrument shop and a
cosmetics shop. The first one didn't have anything interesting other
than ridiculously priced bass guitars, but the latter one actually
did. For god knows what reason, a fucking cosmetics shop actually had
some stickers. We bought several of them since they were actually
interesting. After that, we continued going down that street, and it
was actually kinda interesting since I'd never walked there before.
There was a great variety of shops and shit, but none of them could've
possibly had any stickers, of course. After some time, we reached the
river port, which is like basically on the boundary of our city
despite being in a central area. At that moment, I was really
interested in continuing walking since it was a pefect occasion for
that, but my sister suddenly decided that she got tired. I tried my
best to persuade her to continue walking, but I reached the limit when
she started moaning every 5 seconds and making random stops. Initially
I decided that I'd let her go home and walk all the way home on foot,
but I quickly realized that it'd be ridiculous, especially considering
I had no cash in case I'd want to take a marshrutka back home. So I
decided to go home with home with her, but first we had to make a
pause at a grocery store to buy some ice cream. We ended up buying
chocolate, water, and, you guessed it, stickers instead. Yes, there
was a office product store in the same building as the grocery store
and they happened to have stickers. When we got to the bus stop, we
instantly missed some stops since my sister had barely any idea what
bus we should be looking for, making us miss several good ones. We
ended up getting on a bus that goes in our direction but not quite -
we'd still have to walk 1 stop, but it's not so bad right? I can't
possibly imagine what was going on in my sister's had at the moment,
but she decided that we shouldn't go out at the intended stop and
instead should go one stop further. And again, she was fucking tired,
so I have no idea what motivated her so much. I decided to take the
best advantage of the situation and go to the shop nearby and buy some
stuff our mom told us, but she refused, so we had to split. I ended up
getting back home earlier than her, so I suspect she might be hiding
something from me. In any case, who cares.

## 2021-05-02

Yesterday my mom promised that she'd go on a walk with me without my
sister. She lied. My sister and I had to go alone just like yesterday
while my mom was partying with guests at home because today's Easter
or something. We went to KFC as usual, where we ordered stuff similar
to yesterday's. I think we spent like 2 bucks less but still too
fucking much. Then we were supposed to take another nice long walk,
but she was like "nah, I'm going back home." Well, cool. So I decided
to go somewhere alone. I went in a random direction and started doing
turns in unknown directions to avoid visiting places I already knew. I
didn't do a good job at it because I soon got to a longass street,
which I saw countless times but was indeed walking down it on foot for
the first time. After the street ended, I reached another longass
street, which was filled with abandoned buildings and probably
homeless people and rapists. The weather was nice, and there were no
cars, so the atmosphere was calming, and I didn't worry much. I
perfectly knew how to get home from there, so I did it. It only took
about 20000 steps and destroying my feet. I'm satisfied.

## 2021-05-03

My mom promised that she'd finally go on a walk with me today. She
didn't lie this time. Well, sort of. She woke me up at like 9 AM and
told me that she'd go without me if I don't wake up. As you can
expect, I'd have an incredibly boring day without a walk, so I just
had to agree. We had a choice between 2 shopping malls - one we've
been to countless times and one I didn't even know existed; I chose
the latter. It was located in a recently build disricts with lots of
houses built in the 2010s. It looked pretty creepy and deserted
because houses were standing far apart from each other and there were
nothing there other than apartment buildings and a giant mall. You
know, I don't like this kind of architecture, and I think modern
districts in, for example, Moscow or Hong Kong look much better than
what we have here. I mean, for fuck's sake, even khrushchevka
districts here (including the one I live in) look better, so I don't
know how it could even be designed. Did they purposefully wanted to
make people depressed with these abominations? Couldn't they at least
plant some trees or do something else so the whole thing doesn't look
like a scene from a dystopian movie? *Sigh*. In any case, the mall was
not quite as good as I expected. Like 80% of the mall was occupied by
an Auchan, and there was even no KFC there. What's the point of
calling it a mall if there's only one store in it? So we bought some
vacuum bags and food there. Then, because there was no KFC in it, we
went to another nearby mall, which was this time 99% occupied by Lenta
but did have a KFC, and ate some food there. We planned to go home on
foot afterwards, but my mom told me that her legs didn't feel too
great, and I was pretty lazy to defend my point of view, so we agreed
to take a tram home. At home we made a giant shawarma, which I
singlehandedly ate. No wonder I'm so fucking fat. I spent the rest of
the day doing GNOME debugging - mostly trying to figure out why the
shell starts so slowly. It turned out that I had `GTK_USE_PORTAL=1`
set for some unknown reason, and it was messing with GNOME services.
But to find this out, oh boy, I had to do quite some work launching
the shell a hundred of times under a different user with only some
configs copied from mine. Maybe I should make a bug report? Probably
not since it's I who fucked up, but I don't know.

## 2021-05-04

The day was much more boring than yesterday. I spent most of the day
inside staring at the monitor. But to be fair, I did get outside
once... to go to KFC. I did walk back home on foot, so I guess I'm
satisfied that I walked at least the daily dose of steps. The weather
outside is so nice, I wish I had a reason to get out more frequently.
Inside, I spent most of the time torturing myself with GNOME Wayland
bugs. Tomorrow I'm finally going to my new therapist, and I hope
everything will go fine.

## 2021-05-05

So the therapist visit turned out to be a bit more exciting than I
expected. As I've mentioned (or have I), the clinic is located is
outside of the city. Well, technically it is inside but in a remote
district I'd never visited before. The clinic itself is quite large
and looks like an actual hospital rather than a soviet shack. In
contrast with the previous clinic where there are barely any
specialists, here I was promised a whole complex of psychologists,
psychiatrists, therapists and other workers. We went there at like 9
AM with the referral we were given yesterday. First, we went to the
main doctor, who began torturing me with questions just like I
expected. I told her about my 3 main worries - suicidal thoughts, lack
of motivation, and unreasonable anxiety. She seems like a highly
skilled and professional woman who I can handle my shit. Though it
looks like she's a truscum, but that's pretty much to be expected
because, come on, we live in a fucking third world country. Also I'm
not here to solve my gender issues, so I guess whatever. So she also
started evaluating whether she actually wants to serve me and whether
I agree. Additionally, I asked her about how the whole thing works and
what doctors do what. Then we went to some other person who was also
meeting every person who contacts their clinic. She asked me more
specific questions, wrote a dossier on me, and gave me some papers to
sign. Then we went back to the previous person, and she asked more
questions and explained more of my questions. While we were at it, I
showed her my website. Then she directed to my actual therapist who's
gonna handle my shit daily. She asked me even more even more personal
questions and wrote my answers in an even more detailed digital
dossier. She told me when to attend and what methods of torture
they're gonna use on me. Finally, we went to the lady that gave me
free drugs, this time slightly different from mine with less
side-effects. She also gave me the doctor schedule and when I should
go to the blood/urine test. And that was about it for the day. The
whole thing took like 5 hours because of excruciatingly long lines,
but it wasn't too bad. So will it be alright here? I don't know, we'll
see.

Some more things I forgot to mention. First, it turns out I gained 8
kilos. This is fucked up but expected considering how many KFC visits
per day I make. Second, my doctor said that with my shit it's unlikely
that I can get hormones. Well, too bad. I can do DIY instead, so who
cares. Third, my mom and I just went back there, this time using
public transportation. It seems like it's not too far, and it's pretty
easy to get there.

## 2021-05-06

Today's visit wasn't quite as interesting as I expected. I went a
little bit different route than yesterday, but it turned out to be
even shorter. My mom told me to head out early, which was probably a
mistake because I had to sit there and wait for almost an hour. When
the time finally came, I was told to put my piss jar near a specific
window and got my blood test taken. Then I had to go through an
electrocardiogram, for which I had to wait once again because the
doctor didn't expect us to get there so early. Then I went to my main
doctor who verified what I need to do next and gave me a paper that I
would use to get the drugs. After getting them, I went through 3
specialists - a "social work specialist" (who?), a therapist (or is it
actually psychiatrist?), and a psychologist. Each one of them asked me
a couple of personal questions and gave a small little homework - make
up a schedule, write down what I want to improve in myself, and solve
anagrams. Sounds kinda anticlimactic, but yeah, that was it for the
whole session.

So the GNOME bug investigation continues. I made a Bruh, Ltd demo page
to find out how exactly buffers get corrupted and went on to fix the
bug itself. I tried my best but still fucked up because it doesn't
work with multiple monitors. Also I got too excited and started
feeling drugged. Guess I continue tomorrow.

I don't feel too great, so expect me to submit this entry tomorrow.

## 2021-05-07

This day was a bit more interesting. It began with my grandma
desperately trying to wake me up because she thought I wouldn't have
enough time to do the homework. Evem though I told her to calm down,
the almost had a panic attack, but it was completely meanigless
because I did the homework pretty fast and still had a ton of time
left. She needs to learn to worry less because her health gets
affected by some stupid shit like this, and I'm worried about it. I
arrived perfectly on time, and the first thing we had was a relaxation
exercise named after some foreign fucker. The basic idea was tiring
our muscles, thus making us feel better when we finally relax. Sort of
like regular sports. Also nice calming music was playing in the
background and they used ASMR/hypnosis type thing in the end. So did
it work? Absolutely fucking not. I got barely relaxed and was covered
in sweat caused by extreme heat. I could barely take it, and I wanted
to just give up and take off my hoodie mid-session. I was told that I
was doing it wrong, which I probably was. Then I went to take my
drugs. I notified the doctor about my druggedness episode yestersay,
and she told me than we can try to change them later. When I went to
recieve the drugs themselves, a neurologist came and checked me, after
which I was directed to some electric therapy, which I'll now have to
visit. You know, I don't even know if this shit even makes scientific
sense, but why not. Then I was supposed to visit the 3 doctors. The
social specialist type beat person just checked if I'm alive, and the
psychologist gave me even more stupid paper games for 5th graders. I
thought the therapist visit wouldn't go too well considering how much
she tortured me on the relaxation session, but it was alright I guess.
Her main complaint to me was that I worry too much about the future
and that I should focus on the present because it's the only time I
can actually do something in. She told me that I need to learn to
enjoy the moment by tricking myself into doing hard things so I can
enjoy something later. Well, pretty reasonable. I also showed her my
diary, and she could even read it because she apparently knows
English. That's cool because it'd make it easy for me to communicate
with her. She suggested me to try journaling in greater detail (like,
with timestamps and more routine events), which I am gonna do but not
here since it'd be boring for you, my dear reader, to read.

So while I was going there by bus, I found an interesting solution to
the bug. I was extremely excited about it, and spent the whole time
wanting to go back home and try it out. Unfortunately, it didn't work.
Well, it did improve the situation, but it turned out I was looking
for the wrong solution all this time. Now I'm desperately trying to
find a better one. I don't think this is healthy.

## 2021-05-08

Nothing interesting. I finished my fix, but the GNOME devs haven't
accepted it yet. Probably they need more time. Meanwhile, I have
several more ways of fixing it, which I'm gonna try. Today I finally
had an English class in the office. Nothing too exciting happened
there either. After the class, I was supposed to go on a walk with my
mom and my sister, but we couldn't coordinate good enough, so I had to
instead take a nice long walk back home alone. Right now I'm doing
GNOME stuff, but I should really be doing my homework. Let's just
assume that I'm fucked.

By some miracle, I managed to find and implement a perfect solution to
the bug, which is basically the exact thing the GNOME dev told me to
do in the beginning but which I couldn't do because I didn't gather
enough knowledge back then. Now the only thing I have to do is
constantly check whether the MR is merged yet or not.

## 2021-05-09

While not doing the best for myself, I'm still fine. Too bad the
classes start in 2 days, and they'll ruin everything. The only thing
planned for today was a walk with my mom. We went to KFC by bus, then
went to the river port on food, climbed up a hill, and went back home.
That doesn't sound like much, but we still walked over 13000 steps
somehow. Other than that, nothing was supposed to happen today, and it
didn't happen. I'm still waiting for my bugfix to get merged. I guess
it's because it's the weekend, or maybe I'm actually that bad at
talking to people.

## 2021-05-10

So we had another walk. We went to our relative who was reparing an
apartment we're gonna sell soon and then went back home with a stop at
a KFC in a mall. All on foot, of course. It still didn't feel like
much but was still somehow 19000 steps. The mall visit was kinda sad,
and we made an unfortunate mistake of discussing my life afterwards on
our way home. As you can expect, I'm left with no choice but to write
everything on my mind here. So let the rant begin. As I mentioned
countless times, I feel like my life is meaningless because the
situation I'm currently in is unrecoverable. My mom disagrees with me
and tells me that everything's gonna be okay, but I don't trust her
because she doesn't operate on logic and blindly believes in me. She's
ready to put as much money as possible in me to make me succeed, but I
don't see a point in it because all her efforts are moot because of
the fundamental unchangeabke problem with me of being a lazy asshole
that makes me unworthy of being given mercy. In any case, back to the
problems themselves. My first problem is that I'm never gonna be a
real girl. My current doctor says that with a dossier like mine
there's no way I can be given hormones, and you know, I'm inclined to
trust her. I have a mental illness, and it complicates the whole
process quite a lot. Even if I didn't have one, my chances wouldn't be
too great still because our country still uses ICD-10, and as far as I
know, it operates on an outdated logic that all trans people must be
heterosexual and conform to certain stereotypes. This is purely a
technical problem, and there's not much I can do here other than wait
until (or more like if) they update. I say that I can just go DIY, but
can I really? My mom doesn't seem too enthusiastic about my
transition. She doesn't quite think that hormones are the best thing
for me, and according to what she said to me today, considers a
possibility that I'm actually not transgender and all my memories are
fake and can be cured. This is absolute fucking bullshit and sounds
completely ridiculous, but there's not much I can do about it. So in
the end, I can't quite consider anyone as playing on my side. There's
barely any chance of me transitioning while I'm in this country, which
is quite upsetting because I see absolutely no future as a male and
would gladly kill myself if the chances were even smaller. Meanwhile,
time is also playing against me, and I only have so much of it until
I'm physically and mentally unable to transition as much as I would
like. Even if I somehow immigrated, it'd happen a long time from now,
and I'd have to continually traumatize myself in the meanwhile. So now
we're slowly getting into another problem - being stuck forever in
this country. For obvious reasons, I don't see a point in immigrating
somewhere with conditions worse than here, but the countries I do want
to get into (i.e. English-speaking ones) have too high requirements
that I'll never be able to achieve. Most of the immigration options
such as investment and marriage are closed for me, so the only things
I left with are education and work. According to my quick Google
search, it costs about $20000 a year to study in a university in
Canada. This is absolutely a mindboggling number - you can buy an
apartment here for this price, so there's absolutely no way we can
handle it. In addition to that, you have to actually study there.
Like, you know, do academic stuff, and the chances of me not getting
kicked out instantly are also quite small. So the option - work is not
much better. I need to somehow interest foreign employers, but I can't
even interest local ones. Because I'm not an absolutely genius and I
don't have years of outstanding work achievements, I need to have at
least a university degree and, say, 5 or more years of experience.
While it's quite a challenge for most people, this is a solid brick
wall for me that's just impossible to jump over, no matter how much
therapy I recieve. I'm doing quite a poor job at surviving a college,
so I quite doubt that I'm capable of surviving a university, which is
even harder. In addition to that, I still need to get those years of
experience somehow. One option is to work while studying, but it's
completely unrealistic because I'll burn out pretty quickly. I just
wouldn't be able to do those 2 very difficult things at the same time,
especially considering what kind of person I am. But if I instead
decide to get those experience after studying, it means that I'm gonna
lose even more time. The minimum amount of 4 years of university and 5
years of work is already 9 years, which means I'd be 28 by the time I
have even the slightest bit of chance, and that's assuming everything
goes alright, which it mostly likely won't. I just can't get over it.
Even according to the most optimistic but still realistic prediction,
I'd be stuck suffering here for quite a portion of my life. I'm
already at my limit, and I won't survive for this long unless some
miracle happens. I see absolutely no reason to even try anymore. My
life is fucked beyond repair, and there's no way around it. Just
fucking kill me.

## 2021-05-11

Well, it was pretty much like I expected. Not quite a slap in the face
but still uncomfortable. The classes started quite late, and I
additionally skipped the first one since it was P.E. and I didn't have
enough patience to embarrass myself again by doing nothing 1.5 hours
today. The first class I did attend was English. Nothing extraordinary
happened except I got an idea of publishing all of the dialogs we've
been making on the classes for 3 years. Thinking about it now, it'd be
quite awkward since I'm only writing down my own lines and not the
partner's, but still why not. I've done a lot of weird shit in my
life, and this wouldn't be the weirdest. The next 2 classes were
databases, and this is exactly where I lost patience again. The
lecture was excruciatingly boring, so the exact shit I was thinking
about yesterday was coming into my head because nothing else was. I
was constantly waiting for the whole thing to end, so I can go home,
fall asleep, and tomorrow I'll "get fixed," which is probably not
what's gonna happen since I still doubt how competent they are,
considering how complicated my case is. On the second class, we were
given another stupid task, which she didn't explain again. I tried to
do it but quickly came to a dead end because nothing worked despite me
doing the same steps as everyone else. I gave up and, after some time,
left the class because I couldn't take any more of it. It wasn't the
smartest thing for me to do, but I kinda have an excuse for skipped
classes now, so get fucked.

## 2021-05-12

The day wasn't exactly the "fix" I expected but it wasn't shitty
either. The therapy session today was so long that I could attend a
single class, and it seems like it's gonna be like this every time.
Thankfully. It's been like 3 days since I last washed my head, so of
course, every single fucking doctor was reminding me that I'm an
asshole. Thanks, I knew that without you. Will their efforts at making
me less lazy succeed? We'll see. In terms of body tests, we had an
X-ray today, and we are supposed to have an examination by a surgeon
tomorrow, but I was told that I can skip if I don't have any
complaints, which I don't. The visit of the 3 doctors went as usual. I
didn't do anything my therapist told me to do, so she simplified the
task for me even further. Now I'll have to just record things I did
that are benifitial for me like having a walk or throwing out the
trash. I'll try doing it tomorrow. In terms of exercises, we had a new
thing today - therapeutic warm-ups (or whatever they're called in
English, who the fuck cares). In contrast to relaxation, which I
thought would be today too but luckily wasn't, it actually relaxed me.
What a miracle! It's almost as if physical activity is benifitial for
your health. In any case, that was about it.

You won't believe what happened. My mutter screencasting fix got
merged. I couldn't be happier. My own work actually improved someone
else's project. That's so incredible. Now of course, a little win is
no reason to stop, so I'll continue annoying GNOME developers by
submitting bug reports and merge requests. Specifically, my scrolling
speed MR is ready, and I'm about to make one more for GNOME Settings.

## 2021-05-13

A certain person from the Netherlands called me yesterday, and we had
a nice long talk on Discord, which was an unusual thing because I'd
never voice chatted with anyone other than people I know IRL before.
We stopped chatting pretty late, so I had to speedrun taking a shower
and felt asleep feeling drugged because of being too excited. Today
was not as interesting as yesterday to say the least. We had 3 C#
programming classes, on which I did absolutely nothing. They passed
pretty quickly, which makes sense because my groupmates and I were
trying our best to stay entertained. I played chess with my friend
(and lost), and we also had a few rounds of Skribbl. After the classes
ended, a usual summer day started - I got bored beyond belief. I had
absolutely nothing to do and was unwilling to try anything new. You
know, like usual. My head was filled with standard worries about the
future mixed with the worries about the English exam that's gonna
happen in 2 days. I'm just having a period of barely being able to
speak English, and it unfortunately aligned with the time I have an
exam. I mean I'm still somehow able to put words into sentences, as
you can see, but I feel as if my brain temporarily got hardware
acceleration disabled for English. Like when I try to imagine talking
to someone, it falls back to Russian instead of English as usual. But
at least my internal monologue is still in English. Weird shit.

## 2021-05-14

Not much happened, really. The clinic visit was pretty quick and
uneventful. The therapist read the list of benifitial things I did and
told me that it's cool but I'm not doing enough psychical activity.
Specifically, she told me that it'd be nice if I walked at least 10000
steps a day. Well, I can try to. I forgot to do the task the
psychologist gave me, so she forced me to do it right there. Just like
the previous time, I half-assed it, but who cares. After I came home,
I wanted to watch anime for the rest of the day but decided not to
because I have an English exam tomorrow and getting too excited is not
the best idea. Instead I continued toying with GNOME, and I currently
have a grand idea to improve screencasting even more.

## 2021-05-15

Today I finally had the Camridge First exam, which, by the way, was
apparently named after the B2 proficiency level. As I mentioned, I was
worried that I wouldn't pass it because I'm constantly degrading, but
it was actually quite manageable. I expect to at least get the B2
level. The whole thing started at about 10 AM with reading and use of
English, which should probably be named use of English and reading
because they're literally in the opposite order. The tasks weren't too
easy, but had an indescribably high level of confidence, so I did them
pretty quickly and without much checking. I had to do nothing and wait
for about 40 minutes, and after that we had writing. In the first task
I had to write an essay about traditional museums being replaced by
online counterparts. I disagreed with the sentiment that we should
completely replace them, which gave me quite some things to elaborate.
I didn't do a great job at making the whole sound official - I used
"you" and "I" a few times, but I guess it's not too bad. In the second
task I had 3 options - an article, a review, and a letter. I chose a
review because I couldn't think of much content for the other 2
options. I wrote about a local swimming pool, which I described as
acceptable. Then we had listening, which was about the same as reading
except instead of waiting, I had to speedrun the whole thing. Last, we
had speaking, which also wasn't too bad but could be better if I
improvised more professionally. Also my turn was one of the last ones,
so I had to wait a considerable amount of time here too. So now all I
have to do is to wait a month I get my results back.

## 2021-05-16

In our city the vast majority of swimming pools opens in June, but
luckily we found one that opens in May. The weather today was perfect,
so it was a great opportunity to visit it. I could barely wake up, and
we almost canceled the whole trip because the pool would probably be
crowded as hell, but decided to give it a try in the end in any case.
To get there, we had to first go to the center of the city and then
take a ride on an obscure bus that stops only like 2 times an hour.
There were only 2 buses for the whole city, and they were quite hard
to track because they were just vanishing from the map. Then we had go
to right until the end stop of the bus, which is located in the
forest, and then walk on foot. The whole trip there took about 2
hours. Just like we expected, there was a shitton of people, but we
did manage to find space of ourselves. There were 2 pools for the
whole complex, and they weren't too big and didn't have any depth
variation. Alledgedly they also had heating, but it was still kinda
cold. There were no pools and the restaurants only sold alcohol. We
spent several hours swimming, but it wasn't as fun as I expected. I
somehow just stopped enjoying simple things like this. After the pool,
we went to KFC and spent a ridiculous amount of money of food and then
went to the grocery store and spent even more money.

## 2021-05-17

Sorry for not updating the diary on time. I actually still write the
entries but just forget to publish them. You know, I also haven't been
doing a great job at recording my dreams either. I just sonehow miss a
chance at recording them before I forget everything. But regardless,
today was as crappy as usual. The day began with a mess because I
couldn't wake up on time. I hadn't taken a shit for 2 days, but I had
absolutely no time to spare, so I had to with intestines full of shit.
It was raining at night, so I decided to go out in a hoodie, which
later turned out to be a mistake because it was hot as fuck in it.
Because of all this shit, I was about 20 minutes late for the
gymnastics class, but it's better late than never. The therapist visit
this time was kinda disappointing. We barely had any time because we
were interrupted by the relaxation session that was right after the
visit. We also didn't make much process on my situation - the only
advice she gave me was to try helping around the house more. She also
told me that I think I'm trans not because it's true but because of my
unusual thinking, which is absolutely fucking ridiculous but to be
expected. I guess I have no chance at being accepted here. In addition
to that, she denied my worries of not ever being able to leave this
country because they're apparently "not real" despite countless
evidence of this country being unliveable. I really don't like the
direction where this is going. After the relaxation, I was told to
skip visiting psychologist because I'd have to wait for her for some
ridiculous amount of time. Also they changed my drugs this time
because the last time they gave me the wrong ones, and I was alright
on them. So overall, I think I'm not gonna be helped with my problems
at this place. The only person that does something that can actually
help is the therapist, and I she already does nothing but feeds me
normie stuff, which can't possibly help. I'm losing more and more
hope. You know what would help me? If I lived in a normal country. But
to live in a normal country, I first need to get there, but I can't do
that if I don't get helped first. What a nice circular dependency
right here. I see no way out of this feedback loop other than just
killing myself and fully avoiding any of the problems. So in any case,
I'm not sure what to do now. I'm too lazy to use escapism by watching
or playing something, so I guess I'll just lie in the bed all day
long. Food doesn't seem to help much now as I ate a shitton of it in
the last 3 days, so I have no choice but to do nothing but suffer.

## 2021-05-18

Unfortunately, nothing interesting happened. I once again went out in
a hoodie, which I regretted. We had 2 databases classes and 2 1C
classes, the latter of which I skipped because I suddenly felt
drugged. I'll need to notify my doctor about it tomorrow. Currently
I'm waiting for another one of my GNOME MRs to get reviewed.

## 2021-05-19

Another boring day. Today was actually raining, so me taking a hoodie
this time was finally actually justified. You know, the rain today was
really nice. I really enjoyed walking back home while it was raining.
Today's session began with a gymnastics class. It was a bit messy
because I guess they didn't plan it thoroughly enough, and we had
music playing in the background. The music was Russian pop, and it was
kinda annoying, but I still sort of enjoyed the exercises. I was also
told that I can play my own music next time, so I guess I'll find a
nice album for this occasion. I think Steely Dan would fit nicely. The
psychologist session was a bit unusual this time. She actually asked
me something instead of dismissing everything and just giving me the
stupid tests for kids. Unfortunately, she didn't ask anything
meaningful and just complained about how everything is my own fault.
What the fuck, ma'am, I'm here for this exact reason so you can help
me solve my problem. Just what kind of bullshit is that? In any case,
therapist this time actually had some time to look into my issues, so
she drew a map of some sort, which describes my problems and what to
do with them. Her basic idea was that I need to slowly adapt myself
into doing unpleasant but still bearable things, which would give me
the required skills and train my patience. Well, sounds good enough,
so I guess I'll try to. Nothing of particular interest happened after
I came home until now.

I ate a shawarma today that was still hot, and now my tongue hurts. I
shall never repeat this mistake. I played my mothnly dose of video
games today and was also planning to watch my monthly dose of anime
but decided to do it later (i.e. tomorrow). Also I finally updated the
pedometer data. Currently I'm thinking of doing something interesting
with my secret pages/Bruh, Ltd.

## 2021-05-20

The day got fucked up right off the bat - I overslept. A lot. Waking
up was unusually hard, so by the time I did wake up, the first class
already started. I decided that the best decision would be to come to
the second class. The classes themselves were unbearably boring. Like,
possibly the most boring I've ever had. I couldn't sit still and was
checking time every 10 seconds. I think my clinic visits fucked up my
bullshit classes tolerance. I didn't feel such boredom in a while.
Another thing they possibly fucked up is my motivation to do
assignments. I'm so far behind everyone else, I don't even know how
I'm gonna recover. The weekend starts soon, so I guess I have a little
bit of chance. Another thing to note here is that while I'm on
classes, I want to get home, but there's nothing to enjoy at home
either, and it messes with my brain. The only thing I want to do is to
sleep 24/7, which is the exact thing I can get by dying.
