---
title: "06 - June"
---

## 2021-06-01

The first day of the summer, huh? My groupmates shared a schedule for
this month with me today, and as far as I understand, we'll have exams
and thesis presentation really really soon, and then there's gonna be
another practice. As I mentioned previously, I ran out of college
non-related things to do (or so I thought because I still have a
couple of extremely minor things to do), and I've been unsuccessfully
trying to start doing anything today. My friend is trying to help me
as much as possible, which I'm thankful for, but I still can't just
lift my ass. Our curator (honestly, I have no idea how it's called in
English, so let's pretend it's an appropriately applicable term)
called me today and was like "hey are you doing anything?" It was
extremely uncomfortable as usual, and we also scheduled a WhatsApp
call with her, my mom, and I, which is gonna happen so, but it's
probably gonna be as shitty as usual, so I likely won't even bother to
write about. The most realistic thing I can do right now is probably
databases, so I guess I know what to begin with.

So regarding my personal stuff, I did do a little bit minor. I cleaned
up the GitLab pipelines for my website, which cleaned over 500 MB of
space. I also cleaned up enabled features for my repos and removed a
project which didn't deserve a repo.

I've been recently questioning my religiousness. I say on my about
section that I'm an atheist, but am I really? I mean I do sort of
believe that the universe was created but don't believe in one
specific god. Does this count? Also I've had solipsistic thoughts too.
The main problem is just I can't grasp the concept of consciousness.
Why does this body have to be a vessel for my thoughts? My perception
of reality heavily depends on how this body functions biologically, so
why can't it just function on itself without involving *me*? I just
can't understand why I have to be a protagonist of some story. For
this reason, I have quite some doubts about whether other people
actually exist and whether they're like me. In any case, thinking
about it makes no sense because solipsism is unfalsifiable and whether
anything exists makes no practical difference, so I don't know why I
even waste my time on it.
