---
title: "06 - June"
---

## 2021-06-01

The first day of the summer, huh? My groupmates shared a schedule for
this month with me today, and as far as I understand, we'll have exams
and thesis presentation really really soon, and then there's gonna be
another practice. As I mentioned previously, I ran out of college
non-related things to do (or so I thought because I still have a
couple of extremely minor things to do), and I've been unsuccessfully
trying to start doing anything today. My friend is trying to help me
as much as possible, which I'm thankful for, but I still can't just
lift my ass. Our curator (honestly, I have no idea how it's called in
English, so let's pretend it's an appropriately applicable term)
called me today and was like "hey are you doing anything?" It was
extremely uncomfortable as usual, and we also scheduled a WhatsApp
call with her, my mom, and I, which is gonna happen so, but it's
probably gonna be as shitty as usual, so I likely won't even bother to
write about. The most realistic thing I can do right now is probably
databases, so I guess I know what to begin with.

So regarding my personal stuff, I did do a little bit minor. I cleaned
up the GitLab pipelines for my website, which cleaned over 500 MB of
space. I also cleaned up enabled features for my repos and removed a
project which didn't deserve a repo.

I've been recently questioning my religiousness. I say on my about
section that I'm an atheist, but am I really? I mean I do sort of
believe that the universe was created but don't believe in one
specific god. Does this count? Also I've had solipsistic thoughts too.
The main problem is just I can't grasp the concept of consciousness.
Why does this body have to be a vessel for my thoughts? My perception
of reality heavily depends on how this body functions biologically, so
why can't it just function on itself without involving *me*? I just
can't understand why I have to be a protagonist of some story. For
this reason, I have quite some doubts about whether other people
actually exist and whether they're like me. In any case, thinking
about it makes no sense because solipsism is unfalsifiable and whether
anything exists makes no practical difference, so I don't know why I
even waste my time on it.

## 2021-06-02

Some progress has been made - I've successfully passed life safety.
All I had to do was one little work and a couple of test, on which the
teacher barely even looked. One task less, I guess. Other than that, I
spent the day trying to find college non-related stuff to do, doing
nothing, and learning the Wayland protocol for educational purposes.
Currently I have an idea to write a toy graphics toolkit/layout engine
and maybe make a video game based on it. Considering I'm using C, that
would be a quite challeging task to accomplish. By the way, I forgot
to mention, but my parents and I were kinda thinking about buying me
an apartment, which would solve the moving out problem, and it seems
like the things are going in the right direction - my dad says his
loan was approved, and they already reserved the apartment. Now we
only have to wait until it's built and renovated somehow.

## 2021-06-03

The progress has stopped. I couldn't do anything today. Additionally,
I felt like shit. I suspect this can be because of the weather. The
exams start really soon (and I even thought we had one today), and I
think this time I could be not as lucky and get my ass slapped just as
I deserve. For my personal projects, I barely did anything - I finally
made a simple web page our programming teacher told me to do (as far
as I remember at least) and made a few adjustments for jamtext. I
think the latter can be released soon.

## 2021-06-04

gsdfjkgbkjasdfgakfastgeuywegkjduywteiurtwejrhgbjkdgasduyftwauefgykjsdgkuygKJgfKJHGfukytgwergweuygkjDKUytgKgjgduygtUKygrfjhmnVKUefygfKJFgvLfhgvLFhgoFYjkhgfJKGFFHGASAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
Okay, so today I had the second clinic visit of this week. Not much
happened except they lowered my antidepressant for some reason and the
fact that the therapist is going on a vacation, so they'll probably
replace her with another person. I went back home on foot once again
by a route I took the first time I did such a thing, and it felt much
easier than that time. Tomorrow we have a databases exam, and guess
what, my preparation is not going well. There are, like, 50 questions
to prepare for, and less than a half of them are related to SQL
(programming). So far I had one round of googling the answers, and I
wouldn't say it helped much. I feel kinda hopeless, but it's still
important that I mustn't let my laziness win, so I guess I'll keep
trying to start another round.

## 2021-06-05

Well, the exam didn't go quite as well as I expected. I spent my way
to college anxiously preparing to the worst question torture possible,
but the exactly opposite happened. There were only 2 questions, and
there were quite easy, but I still managed to fuck up. As I have or
haven't mentioned, I haven't been doing the large task we were
assigned some time ago, and she decided that what I did wasn't enough
to even deserve a C, I should do the task and present it to her. I've
got time only until Monday, and these two days are not quite enough
for me. I have other exams to prepare for, and we also have a thesis
presentation soon, to which I'm currently absolutely unprepared, but I
guess I have no choice. Currently I sort of did the task itself, and
now I need to test if it actually works in production and write a
report, the latter of which I'm planning to do by stealing from my
friend. As you might know, I work poorly even under minimal pressure,
so you probably know how I feel right now.

## 2021-06-06

Thanks to my dearest friend, I did manage to fix the report. But
there's still one little problem - it fucking sucks. This report is by
far the worst one I've ever made, and I can only hope that the teacher
accepts it. But still, I spent the whole day on it. Tomorrow we have a
programming exam, and according to our teacher, it's gonna be pretty
easy, so I'm not worrying about it.

As a reward for making the report, my mom promised me some sushi,
which I did get. I also bought a can of condensed milk later, which I
ate in a single take. That's pretty fucked up. While going to the
mall, my mom and I discussed what we're going to do with my new
apartment. For obvious reasons, I won't be able to renovate it myself,
so we settled on hiring someone even though it's expensive. She also
had some stupid ideas like inviting my friends to do it, but let's not
talk about them. We also discussed what I'm gonna do with my life and
didn't get anywhere once again. None of us could come up with a
reasonable occupation for me that would give me money and that I'd
actually want to do. I need to mention that to my new therapist. Also
my mom told me that I should mention how I theatened to beat up my
grandma after she accused me of doing nothing because apparently
that's dangerous. Whatever.

## 2021-06-07

The bitch refused to take my work. Yes, I am not kidding. She
*literally* told me that she wants to torture me a bit, so I have to
wait until September. This was just heartbreaking, and I got so mad I
wanted to slap her as hard as possible so she never walks again.
*Sigh*. In any case, we have a thesis presentation in 2 days, so I
spent the rest of the day trying my best not to fuck up and deliver
everything on time. So far I've been doing great.

## 2021-06-08

I spent the whole day doing the fucking thesis. Also my doctor wants
me to stop taking antidepressants soon. That's about it.

## 2021-06-09

I've finally did what I'd been meticulously preparing for over 2 days
\- presented my thesis. I didn't expect anything to go wrong, and
luckily, nothing did. The presentation itself went flawlessly, and no
one even looked at my report, so there were no complaints yet. By the
way, I was the only one to wrap the whole shit in punched pockets and
a folder. The teacher allowed us to leave after presenting, but I
waited for a while to ask some stupid questions to the presenters and
wait for my friends. I spend the rest of the day getting some
long-awaited rest. However, it's not the right time to fully relax as
we have another exam in just 2 days. I don't know shit about the
subject it's about, but you know, I'm optimistic. I'm just gonna do it
somehow. Am I more stupid than everyone else? Surely not.

## 2021-06-10

Today our curator politely invited me to the database teacher to solve
my shit. Fortunately, everything went even more fine than I expected.
She made me solve a couple of easy practical SQL tasks, out of which I
couldn't do only one, and I got a B in the end. It took me some time
to find my record-book, but otherwise that was it. While I was
searching for it, I also found the schedule for tomorrow's exam, which
no one else could find. Regarding the exam itself though, I'm not as
sure as yesterday now. While we would be given an additional test that
will potentially lower our risks of fucking up, I still don't know
shit about the subjects. I need to at least read the answers to the
exam questions once, but I can't force myself to.

## 2021-06-11

Today was the last exam of this year. Thank God. The exam itself went
pretty rough though. Right of the bat, I fucked up and forgot my very
important copybook, so I had to spend 2 hours going back home just to
take it. Then I had to wait a ridiculous amount of time until the
teacher comes back. When she did come, she asked me like "do you want
an A, a B, or a C?" I, of course, answered that I'd be glad if I got a
3, so she gave me a 10-question test. I tried my best answering it
randomly, and then I had to spend another 6 years waiting until she
checks everything. She announced that I indeed got a C, and I was
pretty much okay with it. Just when I started going out of the
college, I suddenly noticed that I forgot my phone, so I had to run 4
floors back up to take it. After that, I was finally free. As you can
expect, I celebrated this occasion by eating a shitton of food and
updating my website. Specifically, I finally added a description to
every page by uising Hugo hacks, so now Google and Discord will
display proper thumbnails.

## 2021-06-12

My mom's friends recently arrived in our city, so I was kindly invited
to go hang out with them. I fell asleep pretty late, so I had to
decline and spend half of the day sleeping. When I did wake up, I did
quite a few minor updates to my website. I didn't do all of the ones I
planned, but whatever. While I was doing all of that, the guys were at
a swimming pool, and now thinking about it I'm kinda jealous. At about
3 or 4 PM they went to our house and invited me once again, and I
agreed this time. I was also asked to take my laptop charger because
they forgot theirs, but it later turned out that they (expectedly) had
an incompatible with mine laptop model. After a short stay in our
apartment, the trip finally began. First, they drove us to their
apartment, which they rented for a couple of days. The apartment is
located in the center of the city, which is a pretty good place for a
walk, so it's perfectly understandable why we went there. After that,
we went to a nearby cafe and I and ate a shitton of food. I alone ate
a full-scale Italian pizza, a shawarma, and several sushi rolls. Not
only I consumed several thousand calories, my stomach got heavily
bloated for the rest of the day, which made my life much harder. While
we were waiting for our food, I manged to show my websites to them,
and it also turned out that one of them also had a website like 15
years ago. Also I somehow forgot to put some money on my credit card,
so Neocities failed to withdraw the monthly Supporter fee. I didn't
know what to do, so I canceled my subscription and bought it again. I
hope I won't be charged twice for that. After the meal, we finally
went for a walk. We went to the direction of the local river port,
climbed up the mounting with a nice view of the city, and climbed back
down to the river. There we saw a live perfomance of some local pop
band. The music itself wasn't too cringy, but the dancing of
middle-aged women, namely my mom and one of the guests, was. The music
itself reminded me of my dream to learn to play a music instrument. My
mom told me that it'd totally feasible, and finding the instrument
itself and a teacher is not that hard. After that, we went to some
square located a thousand miles away, where there alledgedly were
going to be fireworks. We decided not to wait for them because
otherwise we wouldn't be able to find any public transportation to get
home. Well, that's about it for the trip. Did I enjoy it? Yeah. Though
I wish I at least didn't eat thay shawarma because my stomach would
thank me.

## 2021-06-13

The celebration continues. But what are we even celebrating? In any
case, I woke up late today too, but this time the others weren't
having fun without me. After waking up, I made several updates to my
website as usual, and we were ready to head out at about 4 PM. First,
we went to the pool, where we also got a 50% discount because we
arrived after 5 PM. We were swimming for about 2 or 3 hours and then
went to KFC. There we once again ate a shitton of food. There's not
much else I can say about it for today because it was indeed not as
fun as yesterday.

## 2021-06-14

The celebration ended, and so did the fun. Basically, I did exactly
the same things as yesterday minus anything that involved others and
was actually enjoyable. It certainly feels like last summer when I had
absolutely nothing to do and suffered because of it but maybe to a
lesser degree. In addition to last summer, however, I'm even fatter
and lazier now, and I can't get it off my mind.

## 2021-06-15

Today was the first day of the "educational practice" as they call it
here in Russia. Basically, it's like internship, which we're also
gonna have afterwards, but the "employer" is the college. The topic of
this practice is databases, and we now are supposed to attend 2
classes everyday. Thankfully, I didn't have to attend anything because
of my clinic visit. Well, technically I could've attended if I decided
to go home by bus and not on foot, but fuck 'em. And even if I
insisted on attending, it seems like the teacher wasn't doing shit as
usual and let everyone leave, so there wouldn't be much sense in doing
that. The clinic visit wasn't too interesting - the only doctor I
visited was the psychologist, which told me to try to record what
emotions I'm having, and the only interesting thing was that they
finally stopped giving me antidepressants. As I already mentioned, I
went back home on foot using it as my usual justification of eating
too much. On my way home, I was researching the Wayland to see if it's
possible for me to make a toy display server using an ad-hoc protocol.
So far I concluded that it'd be impossible for me to make something as
complex as Wayland without shooting my foot so many times that I give
up, but I still keep researching stuff for some reason. I know that I
realistically won't be able to pull something like this off, yet my
brain doesn't want to give up. Well, I guess I'll just have to try.

## 2021-06-16

The day fucking sucked. We we only supposed to have one very late
class today, but my friends decided not to attend it, so I decided to
stay at home too. I was also told that the teacher doesn't give a shit
about whether we actually attend, so I guess I have a little bit of
justification for my actions. But even though I didn't go anywhere, it
didn't help much in terms of my mood. The day was extremely boring,
and considering how last summer went, I can only expect it to get
worse. In addition to that, I had a headache the whole day, which I
got yesterday and which didn't let me fall asleep for quite some time.
I got it by hanging upside down for too long using the new device my
dad recently bought. Basically you strap your legs on it, and then it
lets get you to flip yourself upside down. Hard to explain, but I
think you get the idea. Supposedly it helps with blood pressure and
back problems, but I misused it by hanging for too long and thus got a
headache. Perfect. And as a cherry on top of this cake, we haven't had
hot water for over a day, and I just happened to not have taken a
shower for like 5 days. The hot water was supposed to come back
yesterday evening, but it fucking didn't, so I guess the only choice I
have now is to shower with ice cold water. God, please fucking kill
me.

## 2021-06-17

Basically the same as yesterday, except maybe it wasn't as boring for
some reason. Maybe it's because I was better at finding YouTube videos
or maybe it was because I actually made some progress on my websites.
Specifically, I recreated [the page I recently saw in my dream].
However, one thing was even worse than yesteday - they turned off the
cold water too. Yes, I'm not kidding, we had absolutely no water for
most of the day. I had to go to the grocery store and buy 10 liters of
water just to drink something. Thankfully, it was pretty cheap - less
than a dollar.

[the page I recently saw in my dream]: https://web.bruh.ltd/0016-weather/

## 2021-06-18

Some important shit was supposed to happen today that's related to the
practice, but I didn't attend anything since I have an excuse in form
of the clinic visit. I'm not sure if there'll be consequences, but
it's not like I give much shit about my life, so whatever. The clinic
visit went a little bit differently today but without anything
extraordinary. On the art therapy we were supposed to draw something
to celebrate the Medical Worker Day (or whatever it's properly
called). I couldn't think of anything interesting so I drew a giant
red letter С, which means "happy", and "днём медицинского работника"
with a pencil, which means "Medical Worker Day." As a finishing touch,
I drew random RGB lines on top of the whole thing so it's not as
boring. I fucked up with the spacing near the end, so I had to
improvise a little bit. After finishing my drawing, I was given
puzzles, which I failed to put together, which makes sense considering
I haven't touched puzzles in a long time. After the art therapy, we
had a relaxation session, but since the therapist is currently absent,
it was done by someone else (a psychologst I've never met before, I
think). After that, I had electrotherapy, which also went a little bit
differently. They replaced shocking my head with an electric hat with
shocking my head with an electric hair comb, which I guess does the
same thing but is more painful. They also replaced shocking my head
and neck with electrodes with some VR-like eyeglasses shit that shows
certain colors to each of my eyes. I have no idea how that's supposed
to do anything, but I guess why not. Following that, I went to the
"social worker," and was supposed to go to psychologist but couldn't
bother to wait for her since she'd be free only in half an hour. I
didn't go to the therapist since she wasn't replaced by another one.
Last, I went to my main doctor who increased the dose of my main drug.
I hope it doesn't make me feel drugged more often. After leaving the
clinic, I couldn't resist the urge and bought a shitton of food. To
compensate for that, I decided to go back home on foot as usual but
failed and had to take a bus 2 or 3 stops from home because I was
unbearably tired and overheated.

## 2021-06-19

I spent most of the day sleeping, so not much happened. But since I
woke up, I've felt extremely drugged. Most likely that's due to the
increased dose of the medication, but you know, maybe not. The best I
could do in this regard is trust my doctor. Out of the things that did
happen today, the most significant is me continuing toying with GNOME.
Right after waking up, I recieved several emails, so I just had no
choice. Unfortunately, my efforts didn't go anywhere because while I
did the thing I was told to do in the code review, I found a flaw in
my patch, which I can't do anything about until someone points me out
where I fucked up. Well, it could be worse.

## 2021-06-20

I kept feeling drugged, so I decided to sleep a bit more today. Or
more precisely, the whole fucking day. Yes, I'm serious. I'm not sure
what I'm gonna do at night and how alive I'm gonna feel tomorrow. I
suspect I might be sick. My blood pressure seems to be alright, so
it's something else.

## 2021-06-21

I purchased a musical instrument. Yes, it was probably not the
smartest decision budget-wise, but I just really want to learn to play
one. Now you might be wondering what exact instrument I bought. To
make it more interesting for you, I'll reveal it when it (and other
electric shit I need in order to play it) arrives (in about a week).

By the way, I was prescribed another drug, which is supposed to make
me feel less drugged in the opposite direction. So far it didn't work.

## 2021-06-22

While my musical instrument is still 6 days away, I still need to
prepare for its arrival. Specifically, today I was buying additional
hardware needed for the thing to produce any sound. You see, the
instrument I bought is electric and needs amplification to work. After
searching through all of the shit available in this city, I decided
that the most optimal option would be to buy a small amp specifically
designed for headphones. In the store I chose in the end, there were 2
of them - one for 2000 rubles and one for 4700 rubles + there was a
non-headphone one, but it only costs 4000 rubles, so I had to consider
it as an option too. The visit of the store itself happened today at
about 12 PM. After arriving, I had to wait for like half an hour
because no one of the available staff (1 random gal) could help me.
That was due to them having other visitors other than me, which is
kinda cool because I didn't know so many people here are interested in
music. After waiting, I explained everything to a guy, and he told me
that buying an extremely cheap amp is a terrible idea and I should
consider an external audio card instead. The card costs only 3000
rubles, and it seems like it's capable of producing much better sound
that a random shitty Chinese amp, so he managed to convince me. The
checkout took also an excessive amount of time, but it didn't make any
sadder. Yeah, and I also bought a couple of audio jack adapters just
in case. The only thing that was left after that was to cross the
fingers and hope it works on Linux, and well, it does. Even though
GNOME Settings doesn't recognize the existence of its audio input, it
seems to successfully record audio, which I found out by connecting my
headphones to the input port. The sound was pretty quiet though, but I
suspect it's due to the fact they're fucking headphones and not a
microphone.

## 2021-06-23

Here we go, another boring day. And what did I do to make it less
boring? Well, of course, I took a nap. It wasn't as easy to do as
usual because of the recent drug, but hopefully, it did help. Overall,
this summer isn't as boring as last one yet, so I'm hopeful that I'll
come up with even more tricks later. Also I hope I actually start
doing anything college-wise because I really need to.

## 2021-06-24

Well, today wasn't much different from yesterday. I didn't manage to
come up with anything fun to do yet, but making some minor adjustments
for my website didn't let me get too bored. For example, I added an
anchor link to every heading. Now if you hover over any of them,
you'll see a little pound character, which acts as a link, which you
can copy. Now it's much easier to reference a specific chapter of the
page. Also I continued moving my secret pages to Bruh, Ltd - this time
I moved the pedometer page, which now also gained an ability to track
progress of multiple people. So yeah, that's about it. As you can see,
I still didn't start doing college stuff, but as my mom says, I'll get
there somehow.

## 2021-06-25

Pretty much expectedly, the things didn't start getting better yet. On
the art therapy today we were painting using a very interesting
technique - we were passing our works around making each one of us add
one detail to the whole thing. There were like 10 of us, so it took us
10 rounds to get our paintings back. I was the most "original" and
ruined several people's paintings by misinterpreting their plot or
adding a completely unnecessary detail. They were angry at me, so it
was pretty fun. As I probably already mentioned, I was prescribed yet
another that was supposed to cancel the side-effects of my main one.
Unfortunately, it added back the feeling of uneasiness that my old
drug had. Or actually, did it? I'm not sure, but my doctor says it
actually cancels this effect, and it's my fault for not taking it on
time. Well, I don't know. Next time I'll try my best to do it, but
something still tells me that it doesn't cancel shit. After the clinic
visit, I bought a shawarma as usual, which I probably shouldn't have
done, considering how much money I spent on my musical instrument.
Doing it left me with a strong sense of guilt that didn't leave me for
the rest of the day. After my parents arrived, we went to the building
material shop because we apparently fucked up and didn't buy quite
enough tiles. Also for some reason, I started feeling extremely
drugged, which you can probably already notice by how I'm writing this
entry. My mom gave me the old drug that supposedly cancels the
druggedness, but it didn't do shit as usual. In terms of my website,
the current idea I have on my mind is to separate cringy old stuff to
a separate website. This won't only allow me to put more detail into
it but also purge even more of my secret pages. Consider how drugged I
am, I doubt I'll be able to do it today, and I can also just suddenly
scrap the whole idea as usual, but in any case, expect me to do it
soon.

## 2021-06-26

Today I was going to do nothing as usual, but luckily I got an idea to
finally try some fish and chips. So my mom and I went and bought the
ingredients, and guess what, I actually ate some. They were pretty
good despite the fact that we didn't follow the recipe in some
aspects. You can find more info in the food journal, which I planned
to split by decades but decided not too yet. Maybe I'll reconsider
when there are more entries.

[The Cringe Zone](https://cringezone.kevinson.org/).

## 2021-06-27

The day was meh. Nothing particularly shitty happened (well, at least
for me - my friend got into a copyright trouble on Newgrounds, so I
had to support him in this regard), but my mood still wasn't too
great. I think this might be because of the weather. In terms of my
activities, I spent the day removing the traces of old secret pages
after I moved them to the Cringe Zone, which I finished yesterday. I
also moved another unrelated page to Bruh, Ltd. 3 more pages and I'm
done.

## 2021-06-28

The musical instrument is here. As you probably already guessed, it's
a bass guitar. So how good am I at learning to play it? Well, not
quite as good as I expected. It turned out bass guitars are really
damn huge while my hands are tiny, so I can barely stretch my fingers
to 2 frets. According to random people on YouTube, it shouldn't be a
big problem with some practice, so let's trust them. Another problem
was that I still don't understand how to actually hear what I'm
playing, though I did manage to record something, so I guess that's
not a problem. Also on top of this, I got too excited while carrying
the thing home and got really drugged. The new medication that I
didn't forget to take this time didn't help even a single bit. So I
guess now there's no choice for me but suffer and wait until it gets
better so I have another chance at trying it.

## 2021-06-29

The results of the English exams came back. I have on average over 180
points for reading, use of english, listening, and speaking, which is
an A grade, however I only have 171 for writing, which is a C.
Overall, I have 183 points, which is thankfully an A. As you can see,
while I did great I still managed to fuck up. Additionally, on the
last exam, I also fucked up with writing, which means I shot myself in
the same leg twice in a row. I was pretty angry about this fact when I
first saw the results, but hey, the overalls are great, so I guess
there's still a reason to celebrate.

I made some progress regarding my bass playing. The keyword here,
however, is "some" because I feel like I barely moved anywhere and I
might just give up like I usually do. But in any case, first, I
finally managed to hear what I'm playing. It turned out that there's a
special button on my new sound card that allows me to monitor the
input - all I had to do was plug in the headphones in the right slot.
Actually, I discovered this feature on accident when trying to record
my shit in Audacity - I stopped recording but could still hear my
playing. One problem, however, I still have is noise due to poor
shielding, but my hypothesis is that it's the fault of the shitty wire
and not the bass itself. Regarding the playing itself, my current
objective is to learn to play Seven Nation Army. So far my efforts
have been fruitless and I couldn't play more than 1 note properly. I
guess practice will help, but again, I have doubts on whether I won't
give up.

## 2021-06-30

I feel like giving up on life.

I just bought Minecraft: Java Edition. Yes, I'm not kidding, I
actually spent a shitton of money on a video game. What is wrong with
me?

Okay, now when I wrote more than a sentence about today, I just owe
you some elaboration on why it's so bad. Long story short - my mood
was fucking awful. Perhaps it's because the weather keeps being shit,
perhaps it's something else. In any case, I spent the day doing
absolutely nothing. The only significant thing today was me improving
the design of heading anchors on my website, and other than that, I
was doing nothing but lying in the bed watching videos while being
sad. The last exam, which is also an internship report presentation,
is only 3 days away, and I haven't done shit so far. Will I be able to
do anything while being so down? We'll see.
