---
title: "07 - July"
---

## 2021-07-01

Not a single thing changed. Today was just as mindlessly boring as it
was a year ago. I couldn't find any activity that would cheer me up. I
tried watching a movie, but it still somehow didn't help. Maybe I
didn't choose a movie good enough. In any case, I have over 2 months
more to suffer, so I'll probably eventually find one. In addition to
boredom, only 2 days are left until we present the shit, and they even
planned to reschedule it to tomorrow but hopefully changed their
minds. For others, it's not a big deal because all they have to do is
change a couple of lines in their old report while my report is an
indescribable piece of shit that requires a lot of labor to make
suitable for anything. I'm not sure what I'm going to do in this case.
My friend proposed me to just join him and present a single work, but
I don't know, that sounds quite ridiculous. The only choice I see
right now that I can manage is to give up.

## 2021-07-02

Due to me complaining, they canceled the drug that was making me feel
drugged. Hooray? The day itself was notoriously boring, but I found an
escape - I spent the whole day sleeping. This seems like a very good
trick, so I hope I'll be able to pull it off consistently and that it
won't fuck up my schedule.

My mom tried her best to convince me not to give up and that I still
have enough time until tomorrow to do something. Long story short, it
didn't work. There's just too much stuff to do and I'm absolutely not
in the right mind for it. I have nothing to present tomorrow, so I
think I just won't go anywhere and text my curator saying something
along the lines of "sorry, not today." I'm not sure how legal it is
and whether I won't be expelled, but I'm just not strong enough to do
anything about it now.

## 2021-07-03

A miracle happened. Remember when I said about my friend offering me
to present the same shit together? Well guess what, that turned out to
be a really good last resort measure. I had thoughts about declining
because I don't deserve this kind of help but hopefully agreed in the
end. All I had to do was print the same stuff as him but replace his
name with mine. We also split the presentation with me reading the
even slides and him reading the odd slides. Thankfully, we weren't the
only ones pulling this kind of trick - there were 2 more pairs - so
almost no stupid questions were asked. We did have to do some
paperwork though because there were some gaps that we were supposed to
manually fill in, but other than that, that's it. Now I finally can
declare myself free and spend the 2 months playing video games and
watching movies. My friend and I had an idea to play Terraria
together, so I guess this will be one of the first things we do.

## 2021-07-04

The plan for today was to go swimming in our local river, however
that's not quite what happened. Not only we went to the swimming pool
instead (because apparently the river is too cold or something), but
also my sister just outright refused to go with us. Luckily, my
grandma decided to go with us instead, and my mom also invited some
random girl that I apparently once talked to many years ago. Today was
a nice sunny day, so the pool visit went fine. The pool itself is
located in an amusement park for some reason, but the service it
provides is still okay, even compared to the other pool we went to a
month ago. Apart from swimming, which I enjoyed, we ordered a pizza,
an entire half of which I ate alone. We also had an opportunity to buy
standard fast food shit (hamburger/fries/chicken nuggets), but the
lines we would have to wait were too long. I tried to balance between
the time I spend in water and the time I spend outside but somehow
still managed to fuck up, and now I feel overheated. But to be fair,
it's not too bad, so I can't say it ruined the experience.

I recently discovered [Forward Email], which seems to provide a wider
range of email forwarding services than the free Namecheap
subscription. For example, it allows to send messages from your
virtual mailboxes using some magic fuckery. While I'm not going to use
it for my main mailbox, I did set up a fake one just in case -
kirby@bruh.ltd. Feel free to text me.

[Forward Email]: https://forwardemail.net/

## 2021-07-05

Last time I visited the clinic I was supposed to attend at 8 AM to get
my blood tested. I accidentally slept too much and was late to do it.
And guess what, the exact same thing happened today. In fact, I was so
late that I even missed the electrotherapy. So now I'll have to try to
wake up on time again next Friday. I was told that my last clinic
visit will be on July 12th, so I'll just have to do it. Also I was
told that I can get back my drawings from art therapy sessions, which
I guess I'm gonna do.

I recently got an idea to write down the embarassing stories that
happened to me and publish them. I'm gonna do it soon, and I assume
you already know where to look for them.

## 2021-07-06

Here we go, several sunny days have passed, and now the weather is
shit again. This summer is gonna be unusually contrast, isn't it? Or
was it always like this? I'm not sure. In any case, the weather became
shitty pretty suddenly - the morning was sunny and warm, and then a
thunderstorm came out of nowhere. Also they disabled the electricity
for some reason, but hopefully it'll be back by tomorrow.

I forgot to mention it, but my dad has recently developed an intricate
scheme of buying his new car, which is apparently so cool that it's
rare as shit. His scheme involves taking a plane to an obscure
northern town where the car is located and driving all the way back on
the purchased car. And guess what, he's actually so crazy that he
started implementing this scheme into reality today. Specifically, he
not only already took a plane there but also took my sister with
himself. That's pretty badass, I'm not gonna lie, and I'm kinda
jealous that he didn't take me with himself instead. However, his
decision can sort of be justified - I still have to visit the clinic
and also already had a similar journey with my mom to Moscow without 2
of them.

The day was pretty boring otherwise. I spent most of it sitting at
home watching YouTube videos. At first, I was watching Minecraft
videos as usual but then came across into a video about the Voynich
manuscript, which lead to me going down the rabbit hole of
undeciphered writing systems. You know, this topic is pretty
interesting, and I might even attempt at creating something encrypted
like this, assuming I manage to overcome boredom of course.

The electricity is back, and the weather seems to be getting better
too. Great.

## 2021-07-07

My prediction about this summer being like the last one has been
accurate so far. The day was boring, and I haven't even tried to do
anything to entertain myself. Though to be fair, it wasn't *that*
boring. Yet.

## 2021-07-08

A Neocities Discord server, Penny's Club, has recently opened a
Minecraft server. I spent the whole day playing on it. So far I
managed to build a house (a giant cobblestone cock partially submerged
underground similar to the one on our friends' map) and pave roads to
other people in the town. It was pretty fun but spent too much time
playing and started feeling drugged. I need to be more careful from
now on.

## 2021-07-09

Today was my second to last clinic visit. It went as usual except the
therapist was finally there this time. She was like "don't worry,
kiddo, your visits were worth it." Well, I guess? My very last visit
will be on Monday, and I was also told that I'll have to go to my old
clinic to get the drug prescription. Luckily, I have some drugs left,
so I probably won't run out of them. When I came back home, I
continued doing nothing. Unlike yesterday, I only played Minecraft for
like an hour. All I managed to do was expand The Cock and pave more
roads to other houses.

My dad and sister are back. The new car looks cool, I guess? They also
brought some strawberries.

## 2021-07-10

Another day of doing absolutely nothing. However, this time I didn't
even play Minecraft. In addition to that, I haven't been outside even
a single time. Though to be fair, it still wasn't that boring thanks
to me spending most of the day sleeping. If this continue going this
way, it wouldn't be the best thing but would still be better than last
summer.

Okay nevermind, now I have gone outside once in order to buy new
headphones. My old ones were shamelessly taken by my sister and
subsequently destroyed. She bought herself new ones, so I decided to
do the same. The electronics store visit was a bit of adventure on
itself. The store I initially wanted to visit was closed, so I had to
go to another one that's a bit farther, in which some stalls were also
closed.

## 2021-07-11

The plan for today was to go to the Ostrich Farm aka the zoo we went
to with our social worker. Unfortunately, I couldn't wake up on time,
so we had to abandon this idea. Because of that, I spent the whole day
playing Minecraft. Nothing too significant happened there - I replaced
the road material to deepslate and elongated The Cock. Just like
yesterday, I haven't gone outside yet, though it can change.

Yup, here we go, we went out to buy some potatoes. It isn't much but
at least counts as being outside.

## 2021-07-12

Finally, the last clinic visit. I was told to arrive a bit earlier,
which I did despite being too lazy to wake up. I was also allowed to
skip all of the procedures, which I did of course. The visit itself
was pretty short as all I had to do was take the recommendations for
my old doctor and leave. However, I additionally asked for a
certificate for my college and for my drawings I made on art therapy.
Unfortunately, they lost a considerable number of them, so I could
only get my hands on some, but I guess that's better than nothing.
Other than the visit, the day wasn't too great. I suddenly started
being paranoid and worrying about unnecessary stuff again. I didn't do
it for quite some time, so I thought I wouldn't do it again, but nope.
It'd be nice if I'd at least learned how to deal with it, but I
fucking didn't despite visiting the clinic for over 2 months. Yeah,
and as you can expect, I also started feeling drugged all of a sudden
while writing this entry. Perfect!

## 2021-07-13

Boring. Not a single line of code written or a single video game
played. I spent the whole day watching YouTube videos about space
stuff. Obviously, I didn't understand anything, so the only meaningful
outcome was being a bit entertained and coming up with a couple of
scientific-sounding fake names for my friends' and mine dedicated
conference. In fact, I was so lazy to entertain myself that I even
forgot to publish the previous diary entry (though, I still wrote it
as usual). I won't forget to publish this one on time hopefully.
However, despite all of that, it still wasn't *that* boring. Does that
mean that the drugs worked? Does that mean that oversleeping worked? I
don't know.

Tomorrow I have the old clinic visit, and I can't say I'm too prepared
for it. While I'm mentally ready, I'm not physically. The main problem
I have is that I seriously need to take a shower, but guess what, we
have no hot water again and won't have until the 15th. The obvious
choice here is to go to someone who has hot water and take a shower
there, however another problem arose - I have fucking diarrhea. Last
time I had it was several days ago, and it's perfectly reasonable that
I have it again since I eat shitty food. So now I'm stuck at home with
the only choice being to take a cold shower. And yes, of course,
that's without even counting the chance of me spontaneously shitting
myself tomorrow since I doubt my stomach can come back to its senses
so quickly.

## 2021-07-14

Well, nothing remarkable happened. I went to the old clinic, got the
prescription and the certificate that says that I need to take drugs
in order to survive that I need to go abroad, and went home. My mom
also told me to ask whether we can switch to injections in order to
not bring the drugs abroad, but they declined because apparently
modern drugs like this only come in form of pills. The rest of the day
was about as boring as usual, but this time I was actually doing
something. I can't disclose exactly what I did for privacy reasons,
but I did quite some work on improving my online account security and
recoverability. Actually, I've been working on it for the last several
days but only finished today.
