---
title: "07 - July"
---

## 2021-07-01

Not a single thing changed. Today was just as mindlessly boring as it
was a year ago. I couldn't find any activity that would cheer me up. I
tried watching a movie, but it still somehow didn't help. Maybe I
didn't choose a movie good enough. In any case, I have over 2 months
more to suffer, so I'll probably eventually find one. In addition to
boredom, only 2 days are left until we present the shit, and they even
planned to reschedule it to tomorrow but hopefully changed their
minds. For others, it's not a big deal because all they have to do is
change a couple of lines in their old report while my report is an
indescribable piece of shit that requires a lot of labor to make
suitable for anything. I'm not sure what I'm going to do in this case.
My friend proposed me to just join him and present a single work, but
I don't know, that sounds quite ridiculous. The only choice I see
right now that I can manage is to give up.

## 2021-07-02

Due to me complaining, they canceled the drug that was making me feel
drugged. Hooray? The day itself was notoriously boring, but I found an
escape - I spent the whole day sleeping. This seems like a very good
trick, so I hope I'll be able to pull it off consistently and that it
won't fuck up my schedule.

My mom tried her best to convince me not to give up and that I still
have enough time until tomorrow to do something. Long story short, it
didn't work. There's just too much stuff to do and I'm absolutely not
in the right mind for it. I have nothing to present tomorrow, so I
think I just won't go anywhere and text my curator saying something
along the lines of "sorry, not today." I'm not sure how legal it is
and whether I won't be expelled, but I'm just not strong enough to do
anything about it now.
