---
title: "05 - May"
---

## 2020-05-01

Nothing happened, but, at least, I was mostly successful at not giving
a shit about anything. The email page is not done yet, and I'm also
now planning to switch my home directory to systemd-homed, which is
apparently available right out of the box in Fedora. Also I've been
running out content lately, so I'll probably watch some films or
whatever tomorrow.

## 2020-05-02

[The email page] is done, and it even has a dark theme. Its appearance
was inspired by the scene from Super Mario 64, where mario recieves a
letter from Pricess Peach. The systemd-homed migration hasn't begun
yet because I'm not sure if my display manager will properly handle
it. Other than that, my mood was still okay, and the film I hope I'm
going to watch after writing this entry is 2001: A Space Oddysey.

[The email page]: /extra/email/

## 2020-05-03

I still managed to not overthink too much and avoid fucking everything
up again, but the day was sooooo boring. I tried moving to
systemd-homed but failed because of a probable bug. I did watch 2001:
A Space Oddysey in the end, and it was fucking amazing, but I feel so
bad for pirating movies. I wish I had money for streaming services.

## 2020-05-04

I woke up pretty late and didn't have enough time to get bored. I did
some work on a super secret writing project, and that's about it.

## 2020-05-05

Basically, the same as yesterday but without writing and with some
panicking. Overall, could be worse. Also I discovered [the details
HTML tag], which basically does the same as my half-assed hack that I
used on the home page of this website. Maybe I'll replace it sometime.

[the details HTML tag]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/details

## 2020-05-06

Basically, I spent the whole day improving my rice - mainly scripts
and configs. I also tried to move my GUI apps from dnf to flatpak, but
ended up moving only non-GTK 3 ones. Some of the problems that arose
were the ignored fontconfig (which also happened in non-GTK 3 apps),
the ignored GTK config, and the missing GTK font anti-aliasing. I
could only fix the first two, and I really already tried everything to
fix the last one to no avail. I'll try to solve the problem tomorrow,
and probably more some more apps.

## 2020-05-07

[The anti-aliasing problem] was successfully solved using [extreme
hackery], so I moved the GTK 3 apps to Flatpak too. I also tried
moving Firefox, but the Flatpak version, for an uknown reason, is
significantly slower, so I'll keep using the Fedora version until it
gets fixed. I'm not sure if I made the best decision by using Flatpak,
and I also started questioning everything I know about sandboxing,
software distribution, and hardware rendering acceleration. Thinking
about that made me remember an insane idea I had in the past - writing
a toy operating system. Considering how good my projects are at not
surviving, and the fact that I now have another 2 insane ideas, it's
bold to think I'll even attempt that. Other than that, my mood has
recently been not too much crappy, and I'm thinking of reconnecting
with the old friends I've left because of [the 2018 bullshit].

[The anti-aliasing problem]: https://github.com/flatpak/flatpak/issues/2861
[extreme hackery]: https://gitlab.com/kirbykevinson/dotfiles/-/commit/f555fb88d366905058e12e26f7e5519884ffe59c
[the 2018 bullshit]: /journal/diary/summary/#2018

## 2020-05-08

Literally nothing happened. Reconnecting is still kinda in progress,
and now I also have an idea to add credits (something like the End
Poem) to the website.

## 2020-05-09

I reconnected with one friend, and [the website credits] are finally
here. And, oh boy, I've gotta tell you, they were hard as fuck to
make, and I'm so satisfied with the result. I couldn't be any happier.

[the website credits]: /extra/credits/

## 2020-05-10

I was going to add background music for [the website credits] but in
the end did absolutely nothing. I'll probably still add it later, but
using Kevin MacLeod's music or something because I can't compose for
shit. Also I experimented with the Flatpak version of Firefox a little
bit, and it turns out turning off the hardware-accelerated compositing
makes it run smooth (except scrolling). The dnf version of Firefox
experiences the exact opposite, and it's really weird, but I think
I'll be able to solve that mystery soon. It probably has something to
do with the default config, and I don't know yet how to properly
compare them.

## 2020-05-11

I caught myself not pushing the commit with a diary entry the day
before again. Weird. In any case, the only interesting that happened
is me launching the unpublished game I made 4 years ago and cringing
because it's complete shit and uses outdated and unfunny memes. Also I
continued my Flatpak research, and I'm becoming more satisfied with my
decision to switch. Currently I'm thinking of submitting bug reports
to the repos of some applications that I use and that for some reason
don't use native file dialogs.

## 2020-05-12

Almost right after writing yesterday's entry, I discovered that
[TLauncher is on Flathub]. Wow, that's the last thing I expected to
find there. In any case, now I use it instead of whatever I used
before. Also I discovered that, when sandboxed, Glib uses plain text
[keyfiles] to store GSettings, which is really cool. I now have them
properly backed up, and I also made my home folder hierarchy a little
bit less fucked up. I'm pretty interested in all of this cutting-edge
stuff, and the next exciting thing for me will probably be when some
useful Wayland protocol extensions finally become standard (you can
track the progress on [the wayland-protocols bugtracker]).

[TLauncher is on Flathub]: https://flathub.org/apps/details/org.tlauncher.TLauncher
[keyfiles]: https://blogs.gnome.org/mclasen/2019/07/12/settings-in-a-sandbox-world/
[the wayland-protocols bugtracker]: https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/wayland/wayland-protocols/-/merge_requests

Actually today, however, nothing almost happened. I made [a
Vistaserv.net home page] for some reason, but I didn't find much to
put there. Also my sleep schedule is getting more and more fucked up
and I still overeat a lot.

[a Vistaserv.net home page]: https://members.vistaserv.net/kirby

## 2020-05-13

For the most of the day, I felt fucking awful, and nothing interesting
happened. I tried to fix some Firefox stuff, but in the end discovered
the `WLR_DRM_NO_ATOMIC=1` wlroots parameter that somehow fixed
multiple lags (including the cursor one) and, according to my educated
guess, probably even the GPU hang. What an interestings stuff happens
when you have shitty hardware. Afterwards, I finally got my hands on
tweaking the Firefox smooth scrolling, and I think I was successful.

Update 2020-05-16: the hang is still here. God fucking dammit.

## 2020-05-14

Once again, my phone is being repaired, and I'm left with my PC only.
Goddammit. Basically, I spent most of the day sleeping and the rest
feeling like shit. The only interesting thing that happened is me
finding [this article about the modern Web], with which I fully agree.

[this article about the modern Web]: https://neustadt.fr/essays/against-a-user-hostile-web/ "Against an Increasingly User-Hostile Web"

## 2020-05-15

[The website credits] became even more spectacular. Yeah, that's,
basically, the only thing that happened except [me annoying the
Flathub maintainers].

[me annoying the Flathub maintainers]: https://github.com/flathub/org.musescore.MuseScore/issues/57 "Unnecessary host filesystem permission"

## 2020-05-16

The phone is no longer being repaired because it literally blew up.
Thank god it didn't happen at home. I guess I'll have to buy another
one. Other than that, they day was a little bit crappy. I recently
discovered the album Cotton by Akira Jimbo, and it's fucking amazing.
It's so catchy despite being so sad, and I can't stop listening to it.
I'll add it to the playlist some day.

## 2020-05-17

Yesterday I made my wallpaper change daily instead of daily and after
each relaunch, and the whole day I was thinking about if used the
right URL so it actually changes, but seems like it does. In any case,
I started uploading the pre-2016 demo pages, and the work is currently
extremely work in progress. I'm not sure if I'll be able to obtain any
actual HTML pages, but I will probably get at least screenshots. But
even if I don't, I'll just recreate them by memory, like I did with
the 2012 one. Also I did add Cotton to the playlist just like I
promised yesterday.

## 2020-05-18

I was bored beyond belief and felt like an absolute ass. Nothing
happened at all. The only thing I want to do is to document the last
bits of my life left and just stop existing.

## 2020-05-19

The most fucked up thing that happened today is that I forgot how to
type. Yes, I'm not kidding. I still can type somehow, but it's now
extremely uncomfortable, and I'm almost using my left hand only. It
wasn't so bad yesterday, and I don't know how this could possibly
happen. I guess I'll have to relearn how to use the keyboard. Anyway,
while I wasn't looking (for 2 years), the AV1 video codec got much
better support, and it even turned out it's now able to [synthesize
film grain]. God bless the people who added this feature and made it
mandatory to implement. I'm so hyped. Other than that, I feel kinda
better - I finally fixed a bug in ethmenu and obtained the screenshots
of my pre-website demo pages, and, apparently, not all of them are
form 2015.

[synthesize film grain]: https://norkin.org/research/film_grain/index.html

## 2020-05-20

Right after waking up, I got reminded that I need to study, which was
the thing I needed the least. If you've read [The List], you know the
deal. In any case, nothing I'd planned was done, and I'm now even more
confused about why I forgot how to type. It seems like it has
something to do with the posture of my hands, and I have no idea how
to fix it. Right now I'm trying to type this entry using a more or
less correct way of typing, and it's uncomfortable and slow as fuck.
Also using hotkeys, which I have to use a lot, is painful as hell.
Maybe because it's actually not correct, and I need to watch some
videos on the topic. I'm so confused.

## 2020-05-21

The thing I've been thinking about recently is that aren't I supposed
talk to someone about me questioning my gender? I mean, it's a
horrible idea, especially considering who I live with, but shouldn't
I? In any case, everything's fucked up, but I'm trying to stay chill.
I probably won't be able to do that for a long period time, but I'm
trying. Nothing interesting happened except me being still not knowing
how to type and recreating 2 more pre-website demo pages.

## 2020-05-22

I'm doomed. There's absolutely no chance that in this place and with
this people I won't be left badly damaged for life and will have any
oppurtunity to live a normal life. There's no one that can possibly
help me and no way I can kill myself get out of this misery, and it's
driving me fucking insane. I'm so pathetic, I can't do anything other
than temporarily distract myself from this nightmare just to realize
later that the problem is still here and will be here no matter what I
do.

That is exactly what I was thinking about after I woke up. As you can
see, I managed to distract myself again. Cool. All [pre-website demo
pages] are finally here, and I can finally die happily. Or maybe not
yet. I have an idea to make a list of my dead and unlisted projects
and also a kink list. For obvious reasons, I'll have to hide the
latter pretty deep. But if you're reading this, you already know where
to look.

[pre-website demo pages]: /extra/#pre-website

By the way, another Neocitizen, Otaking (by the way, how do you even
pronounce that? Otah-king, oh-taking? My brain uses the latter, but
something tells me it's incorrect) [bookmarked me]. His description of
my website is mostly (I'm jackshit of an actual programmer) correct,
and it's pretty cool that someone liked my website. Big thanks to
[djbdev] for doing the same.

[bookmarked me]: https://otaking.neocities.org/links.html
[djbdev]: https://djbdev.neocities.org/home.html

## 2020-05-23

Nothing noteworthy happened, except I (partially) did what I promised.

## 2020-05-24

I fell asleep at 5 AM after several hours of discussion of kinks and
some weird shit from r/isitnormalto and could barely wake up at 6 PM.
I'm literally writing this entry 2 hours after waking up, and I feel
barely alive. Help.

## 2020-05-25

I got a little bit nicer sleep today but still didn't do shit. I added
[the best anime openings page], and it's probably a bit controversial,
but who gives a shit. Some more additions to the website are planned,
but I'm lazy as fuck to do anything.

[the best anime openings page]: /journal/anime/best-openings/

## 2020-05-26

The day began really roughly. One person decided that it'd be a good
idea to scream at and threaten me to give me some motivation, so I
expectedly blew up again and cut myself, but this time with the
biggest knife I could find. Man, it was so much sharper than I
expected - you can probably chop a person in half with it if you try.
Luckily, I didn't try to chop myself in half and just damaged my hand.
Considering the cut was more than half a centimeter deep, it's good
that I didn't touch any veins or something. Have I aimed better, I'd
still be here but suffer even more. The aftermath of all this shit
took quite some time to take care of, and, as you can expect, I didn't
do shit again. I've also recently been thinking of how cool it'd be to
just be reborn as a better person in a better place because of how
much time I've already wasted and how I'm probably never going to be
truly satisfied even if I change anything.

## 2020-05-27

Once again, I woke up and had no time to do anything but enough time
to get extremely frustrated. Can I just please *not* wake up? Also it
seems like the things in terms of studying are even more fucked up
than I thought, but what can I do? In any case, I wasted the whole day
watching videos from a newly discovered YouTube channel - [Captain
Disillusion] and, as usual, overeating.

[Captain Disillusion]: https://www.youtube.com/user/CaptainDisillusion

On top of that, instead of a song or a voice being stuck in my head,
this shit was:

> PEE PEE POO POO PEE PEE POO POO PEE PEE POO POO PEE PEE POO POO PEE
> PEE POO POO PEE PEE POO POO PEE PEE POO POO PEE PEE POO POO PEE PEE
> POO POO

## 2020-05-28

I'm so fucking tired. I'm barely able to do anything other than
sleeping, which is really bad, considering how much shit I need to and
how many ideas I have for new stuff for this website. Also I'm only
getting more and more frustrated with my hardware, and I think I
should start thinking about buying a new PC.

## 2020-05-29

I tried to get some good sleep and, despite having difficulties
falling asleep, was mostly successful. I spent the whole day doing
assignments I was supposed to do a long time ago to not worsen the
already fucked up situation even more. I, of course, am trying my best
(or maybe not), but the sense of doom is still here, and is probably
going to stay for a long time. Also I got another idea for a blogpost,
which is going to be released... sometime.

## 2020-05-30

Right after writing the previous entry, I decided to finally implement
[the project journal], which took me a lot of time and effort, but it
looks cool in the end, I guess. Overall, not much happened today,
except I finally managed to convince my parents to sort out the file
mess on their PC and upgrade the OS. Many things for this website are
still planned like, for example, the device journal, which I'm
probably going to make soon. Also I've recently been thinking a lot
about digital video and what drawbacks it has compared to film, but
why have I even been doing that if that's inevitable in any case?
Meanwhile, the sense of doom is still kinda here, and I'm getting more
and more sure that unless someone for some reason decides to help me,
my life's never gonna get better.

[the project journal]: /journal/projects/

## 2020-05-31

Even the dream I had today was more interesting than the day itself.
I'm still in progress of helping my parents with their mess, and
nothing new was added to the website except one secret document. There
was an idea to update the playlist with some soundtracks, but fuck it.
I have to attend that military commision shit tomorrow, and I'm, of
course, nervous as fuck and don't want to see a single person, but
it's not like there's any choise.
