---
title: "08 - August"
---

## 2020-08-01

My usual series of problems continues. The day was boring as fuck, but
I didn't do shit about it because I'm lazy and scared. Also my
overeating problem came back.

## 2020-08-02

Like several days ago, I had another long distance walk. It wasn't as
long, so I didn't lose as many calories, but whatever, I tried my
best.

By the way, I've finally been informed about my diagnosis - [STPD]. I
tried to look up some info about it, but I'm still not sure how
relatable it is.

[STPD]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizotypal_personality_disorder

## 2020-08-03

Another boring day, which I tried to fix by watching a movie. Didn't
work so well.

## 2020-08-04

The same as yesterday but more successful. Also I finally made a
backup of a project my friend and I were doing for a while. Here are
some good albums I've recently listened to:

* [Grover Washington Jr. - Winelight](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_ls32JrfpXuFS3NfcIDOaIkNq480SPF0is)
* [sungazer - sungazer vol. I](https://sungazermusic.bandcamp.com/album/sungazer-vol-i)
* [sungazer - sungazer vol. 2](https://sungazermusic.bandcamp.com/album/sungazer-vol-2)

## 2020-08-05

The day was a complete ass until I decided to take a nap. It wasn't so
easy because I ran out of my nasal spray and could barely breath, but
at least I felt so relaxed afterwards. I also had a choice to watch a
film instead, but I kinda got tired of them. Currently I'm thinking
of fasting for several days to get rid of some of my fat.

## 2020-08-06

My relatives offered me to go swimming on an unregulated beach, and I
agreed this time. It was kinda cool. I wish I had enough balls to go
outside more.

## 2020-08-07

The weather suddenly got really bad, so I didn't go anywhere once
again. But at least I finally had my chair fixed. Also it turned out
it's more configurable than I thought, and I'm now desperately trying
to find the perfect configuration.

## 2020-08-08

I was invited once again, this time to a proper regulated beach. It
was alright, but I still didn't burn as many calories as I consumed.
Please help.

## 2020-08-09

I was going to go to grandma to waste some time but ended up watching
quite possibly the best anime in my entire life. Good.

## 2020-08-10

Your Name, which I watched yesterday, couldn't get out of my head the
whole day, and I even could barely fall asleep because of that. But,
in any case, I was invited again, this time to a pool. The whole thing
nearly got cancelled at one moment, and I thought it was really good
that it didn't because it'd be another boring day otherwise.
Unluckily, despite it being Monday evening with additional kinda
shitty weather, a lot of people were at that pool, so I had to flee.
Yeah, it kinda sucks, but at least I walked all the way back home,
burning some calories.

By the way, tomorrow sounds like a good day to start fasting, so wish
me luck.

## 2020-08-11

I had enough balls and finally went to that pool. Also, just as I
promised, I didn't eat anything, but I decided to eat every other day
of the week instead of not eating anything for several days. My mom
also joined me - she now eats every day I don't. Additionaly, I
installed a pedometer app on my phone to count how many steps a day I
walk. A little over 3000 this day + there would be several tens of
hundreds if I installed it yesterday.

## 2020-08-12

I spent the whole day doing literally nothing, which is kinda bad,
considering there are things to do if I don't want to get kicked the
fuck out of the place I'm studying at. I wanted to watch a movie so
it's not so boring, but I couldn't decide which one.

## 2020-08-13

Did some minor website updates. Other than that, another extremely
boring day. Also my mom managed to convice me to stop fasting. She
says I need to adopt another schedule, for example, only eat 8 hours a
day.

## 2020-08-14

The day was awfully boring, and it made me feel like I'm going fucking
insane.

## 2020-08-15

Some time after writing the previous entry, I decided to watch some
videos from a newly discovered YouTube channel - [Retro Game Mechanics
Explained]. Listening to his soothing voice somehow managed to make me
really happy, and he is the sole reason I could fall asleep with no
problem yesterday. Also his videos are really great.

[Retro Game Mechanics Explained]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwRqWnW5ZkVaP_lZF7caZ-g

This day passed by kinda quickly, which is great because I still
haven't found what to do. I decided to go to my grandma to watch some
movies, but her stupidass TV didn't see my exFAT USB stick. But at
least I walked home from her and burned some calories. I was worried
that I wouldn't walk 10000 steps, but I walked almost 2000 more.

## 2020-08-16

I was told to study once again, which remainded me that I have
absolutely no plan on what to do with my life. The day was horrible,
and the only good thing about it was a nice nap.
