---
title: "09 - September"
---

## 2020-09-01

The first day, and it already sucks ass. I was assigned a 5 day long
task, but I did all of it today, so I can be bored as usual for the
rest of the week. The problem is that I have to make a report that I
did this task, which involves using Microsoft Word. This program is
driving me fucking insane.

## 2020-09-02

A miracle happened and, with some help of my mom, I managed to halfass
the report. This shit is gonna haunt me for the rest of my life.

## 2020-09-03

Guess what, my suffering is not over yet because I have to also make a
presentation. I can't express how fucking retarded this very idea is -
there's absolutely nothing to present. God, I hate my life so much. If
only there was an escape other than killing myself.

## 2020-09-04

Another miracle happened and, with some help of my friend, I fixed the
report, but I still don't know what to do with the presentation. The
other problem is that my math situation is still not fixed, and I can
and most likely will get me kicked out. Please someone help.

## 2020-09-05

I still don't know what to do with the presentation. Maybe I just need
to wait for another miracle.

Here's some cool music:

* [Skinshape - Umoja](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtOm5roifq8)
* [Skinshape - Filoxiny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdCupyYt_BA)
* [Herb Ellis & Remo Palmier - Windflower](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAi7IeJG-6Y)

## 2020-09-06

I did it. It's horrible, and I can't even imagine actually presenting
it, but I did it. The (non-remote) classes officially star tomorrow,
and I'm anxious as fuck. Not only I didn't get any rest on the summer
holidays, but also 2 of my least favorite subjects - math and PE - are
tomorrow. Please someone free me out of this misery.

## 2020-09-07

So it wasn't that bad. The math was (mostly) fine, PE got conveniently
got canceled, and it turned out we won't have to present anything
until tomorrow. Haven't I got a headache afterwards, this would be a
completely cool day. I hope it stays like this.

## 2020-09-08

Remember what I said about math? Nevermind - this fucker gave us an
enormous task, which absolutely no one could complete in the given
time. Also we had a new subject today, and the teacher turned out to
be an asshole too. What a fucking jackpot. And in addition to all of
that, my bag went apeshit, so I had to buy a new one. So yeah, the day
kinda sucked. But on the bright side, I now have a new bag, and I also
walked more than 12000 steps.

## 2020-09-09

The day was completely uninteresting. The math problem is still making
me worry. I'm quite unsure if I'll manage to both pay my task debt and
keep up with the classes. Maybe I'm still doomed.

## 2020-09-10

With the help of my friends, I recalled and listed a fuckton of
Russian TV series I've seen in my life. Not much else happened, and I
really want it to be finally a weekend.

## 2020-09-11

Tomorrow is finally a weekend. I seriously need some rest, so thank
god.

## 2020-09-12

We've got a new cat - Susie :) I was also going to go to my grandma
but decided that petting the cat is more important.

## 2020-09-13

So I went (almost 10000 steps) to my grandma to tell her that I'll
fucking kill her if anything happens to any of the cats. My mom tells
me there's nothing to worry about, but I'm afraid my grandma still can
do something. Man, this old lady is driving me insane. On a brighter
note, I had a dream about my laptop today, so I decided to finally
resurrect it. I installed the default Debian with GNOME, but it seems
like it's as usable as my ass, so I'll probably have to install XFCE
or something.

## 2020-09-14

I spent the whole day worrying about the cat, but everything is fine
so far. Except maybe the fact that she's still very shy and is
constantly hiding somewhere. I'm not sure when she's even gonna eat
and shit in the right place, but my mom says I just need not to bother
her.

## 2020-09-15

Remember what our math teacher did a week ago? Guess what - the fucker
did it again. This time, however, I literally couldn't do shit, and he
still didn't explain anything. God, this shit upsets me so much. How
am I even going to survive the rest of the year? But, hey, at least I
walked 16000 steps today.
