---
title: "09 - September"
---

## 2020-09-01

The first day, and it already sucks ass. I was assigned a 5 day long
task, but I did all of it today, so I can be bored as usual for the
rest of the week. The problem is that I have to make a report that I
did this task, which involves using Microsoft Word. This program is
driving me fucking insane.

## 2020-09-02

A miracle happened and, with some help of my mom, I managed to halfass
the report. This shit is gonna haunt me for the rest of my life.

## 2020-09-03

Guess what, my suffering is not over yet because I have to also make a
presentation. I can't express how fucking retarded this very idea is -
there's absolutely nothing to present. God, I hate my life so much. If
only there was an escape other than killing myself.

## 2020-09-04

Another miracle happened and, with some help of my friend, I fixed the
report, but I still don't know what to do with the presentation. The
other problem is that my math situation is still not fixed, and I can
and most likely will get me kicked out. Please someone help.

## 2020-09-05

I still don't know what to do with the presentation. Maybe I just need
to wait for another miracle.

Here's some cool music:

* [Skinshape - Umoja](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtOm5roifq8)
* [Skinshape - Filoxiny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdCupyYt_BA)
* [Herb Ellis & Remo Palmier - Windflower](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAi7IeJG-6Y)

## 2020-09-06

I did it. It's horrible, and I can't even imagine actually presenting
it, but I did it. The (non-remote) classes officially star tomorrow,
and I'm anxious as fuck. Not only I didn't get any rest on the summer
holidays, but also 2 of my least favorite subjects - math and PE - are
tomorrow. Please someone free me out of this misery.

## 2020-09-07

So it wasn't that bad. The math was (mostly) fine, PE got conveniently
got canceled, and it turned out we won't have to present anything
until tomorrow. Haven't I got a headache afterwards, this would be a
completely cool day. I hope it stays like this.

## 2020-09-08

Remember what I said about math? Nevermind - this fucker gave us an
enormous task, which absolutely no one could complete in the given
time. Also we had a new subject today, and the teacher turned out to
be an asshole too. What a fucking jackpot. And in addition to all of
that, my bag went apeshit, so I had to buy a new one. So yeah, the day
kinda sucked. But on the bright side, I now have a new bag, and I also
walked more than 12000 steps.

## 2020-09-09

The day was completely uninteresting. The math problem is still making
me worry. I'm quite unsure if I'll manage to both pay my task debt and
keep up with the classes. Maybe I'm still doomed.

## 2020-09-10

With the help of my friends, I recalled and listed a fuckton of
Russian TV series I've seen in my life. Not much else happened, and I
really want it to be finally a weekend.

## 2020-09-11

Tomorrow is finally a weekend. I seriously need some rest, so thank
god.

## 2020-09-12

We've got a new cat - Susie :) I was also going to go to my grandma
but decided that petting the cat is more important.

## 2020-09-13

So I went (almost 10000 steps) to my grandma to tell her that I'll
fucking kill her if anything happens to any of the cats. My mom tells
me there's nothing to worry about, but I'm afraid my grandma still can
do something. Man, this old lady is driving me insane. On a brighter
note, I had a dream about my laptop today, so I decided to finally
resurrect it. I installed the default Debian with GNOME, but it seems
like it's as usable as my ass, so I'll probably have to install XFCE
or something.

## 2020-09-14

I spent the whole day worrying about the cat, but everything is fine
so far. Except maybe the fact that she's still very shy and is
constantly hiding somewhere. I'm not sure when she's even gonna eat
and shit in the right place, but my mom says I just need not to bother
her.

## 2020-09-15

Remember what our math teacher did a week ago? Guess what - the fucker
did it again. This time, however, I literally couldn't do shit, and he
still didn't explain anything. God, this shit upsets me so much. How
am I even going to survive the rest of the year? But, hey, at least I
walked 16000 steps today.

## 2020-09-16

So I had the first English courses class today. First of, the group
was larger than I expected - 4 people in addition to me and not 2, and
the whole thing was much more serious than I thought. It seems like
I'll really have to study now. Second of, holy shit, they talked a
lot. In my previous group, I was the one talking too much, and I
absolutely didn't expect being put in a group with 4 extraverted
girls.

By the way, it seems like my cat, Susie, has adapted to everyone in my
family... except me. What the actual fuck.

## 2020-09-17

I woke up feeling like an absolute ass, so I had to skip (most of) the
classes. I had to voluntarily go to the hospital, which I've never
done before. As I should've excepted, it was awful. I don't know how
they manage to cure people there while being so unfriendly. Now I'll
have to sit at home until Monday, and hopefully everything will go
fine.

By the way, I was notified when I'm gonna retake my math exam. I'm
pretty sure that I'll fail it because I still don't know shit, and it
kinda makes me sad. I've already spent 2 years in this shithole, and
all of this was for nothing? My mom tells me not to worry about it and
that I'll sure pass the exam, but I don't trust her.

## 2020-09-18

For a long time, (and rightfully so) I haven't been invited as a guest
by anyone, but it changed today. 2 of my groupmates invited me, and
apart from some embarassing moments, it was alright. We ate pizza,
watched Incredibles 2, and were going to watch Another Gay Sequel, but
it turned out to be bad. Also as usual, I went back home on foot and
walked 10000 steps, but it's not so impressive because it's the third
day in a row I walk over 7000 steps.

## 2020-09-19

I had another English class today, and it felt a little bit worse. I
hope it doesn't get too bad over time. Also it turns out I forgot to
upload yet another archive of this website to the Internet Archive.

## 2020-09-20

Since I woke up, I was thinking about what I should do today, but I
haven't found anything to do in the end. Tomorrow I have to go to the
hospital, and I'm really scared. As I mentioned, I've never done that
before, and the hospital itself is fucking awful. I'm not sure what
I'm gonna do.

## 2020-09-21

Just as I expected, I spent literally 5 hours waiting in lines. That
sucks, but I guess it proved that I still have some patience.

## 2020-09-22

The things are only getting worse. Each day I'm getting more and more
sure that I'll soon get kicked out. I don't know what to do and feel
like giving up.

## 2020-09-23

For some reason, I thought today would be Tuesday, so I forgot to redo
and bring my report, but it turned out I sort of can do it today. God
knows why, but tomorrow we'll have to present our shit again, and I
really don't want to do it. The thing that additionally saddens me is
that even after I do it, I'll still have math left, and it's an
obstacle I can't jump over.

By the way, I had another English class today, and I failed to
communicate with people again. God, why do I have to be this lonely?
Please someone talk to me.

## 2020-09-24

The presentation didn't quite go as planned. Mine wasn't anything like
I was supposed to make, and I was going to present it in any case, but
it didn't happen. People were trying to help me, but they pushed too
far, and I just tore apart my speech and gave up on presenting at all.
In the end there just wasn't enough time for me to present, and I was
saved. Thank God, I guess? In any case, it won't save me from the math
exam, which, by the way, is tomorrow. As I mentioned countless times
already, I'm gonna fail it, and I don't know what to do afterwards.
Please someone end my misery already.

## 2020-09-25

The teacher didn't show up to his own exam, so I fled like a coward,
which I regret doing. My mom tried her best to convince me to stay in
any case, but even if I did, my plan was to just tell him that I give
up. The situation got much more fucked up, and I don't know what to do
now and feel like an absolute ass.

## 2020-09-26

I'm fucked :)

## 2020-09-27

I still felt like ass and was constatly panicking, but at least I did
most of the homework. Pretty sure it won't help me with not getting
kicked out, but whatever.
