---
title: "10 - October"
---

## 2020-10-01

I had a doctor visit today. They prescribed me a better antidepressant
and scheduled a therapy session on Monday. I'm not sure what I'm gonna
say there, so I guess I'll make another list.

## 2020-10-02

The exam was a complete miracle. Not only I managed to solve
everything I prepared for, but he also made me solve the task I didn't
know how to do, which I did in the end. He also gave me a good grade
in the end. God, life is worth living sometimes.

## 2020-10-03

Despite yesterday being great, I didn't wake up feeling as good. The
English class improved the situation but not by much. I had a lot of
homework planned to do today, but despite my efforts, I couldn't make
myself do anything.

Also today I went to my grandma again because I haven't washed my
clothes for over 2 weeks and our washing machine just happens to be
broken.

## 2020-10-04

Aaaaaaahhhh. I failed to do anything again. What the hell is wrong
with me?

## 2020-10-05

I had to skip today's therapy session because I was worried that I'm
bothering them with my bullshit. How were they supposed to help me
with my procrastination in any case? Other than that, it was another
exhausting day of studying.

## 2020-10-06

God, I hate studying here so much. The things we're learning are
fucking useless, and the material is getting too damn hard for me. I
can barely keep up with it, and I doubt I can do it for much longer.
Or maybe not, whatever.

By the way, I walked 19000 steps today.

## 2020-10-07

I suddenly bought a very expensive questionable quality laptop. I
spent a lot of time configuting it (which says a lot about how much I
didn't automate in my rice when I really need to), and it made me
really tired, so I'll post more info tomorrow.

## 2020-10-08

I had to study, so I didn't have much time to configure the laptop, so
I'll have to continue tomorrow. Today I finally went to the
ophthalmologist because my vision suddenly got too fucked up. After
that I was going to go to my grandma, but it was too late, so I
decided to go tomorrow.

## 2020-10-09

Just as I planned, I went to my grandma and finally configured the
laptop. I spent some time there, but at some point I decided that it's
too boting here and I need to go home. My grandma is pretty lonely
here, so it made her really sad, and I had nothing to do at home in
any case, so I went back to her.

## 2020-10-10

After one more visit home, I now have unlimitied mobile internet.
Finally, using my laptop, I can do absolutely nothing everywhere I
want. At the end of the day, I was sent home because my mom was
worried about my blood temperature. That sucks, of course, but she
says it's better that I'm now somewhere I can be helped just in case.

## 2020-10-11

I spent the whole day looking for things to do. My friend says I
really need to find a hobby, which I agree with, but he says I need to
try writing music, and I'm not sure.
