---
title: "11 - November"
---

## 2020-11-01

The only interesting thing planned for today was going shopping with
my mom. I was going to ask her to buy me some girl clothes but decided
not to until I'm out to her, which I hope I will be soon. Currently
I'm planning to do laser hair removal on my face.

## 2020-11-02

The coming out is happening on Wednesday, and the laser hair removal
is on Friday. Also it looks like we're studying remotely from
Wednesday until the end of the week. Very good.

## 2020-11-03

An old friend of mine, which recently moved to a nearby bigger city,
absolutely unexpected invited me to a walk. We ended up going all the
way to the place I'm studying at, resulting with me walking over 19000
steps this day. The thing that surprised me the most was how much more
masculine he is now. Thank god it didn't happen to me :)

## 2020-11-04

This was quite an eventful day. First, I came out to my mom, and
surprisingly, she's quite chill. We don't agree on some points and she
has doubts, but it's much better than nothing. Second, while I was
coming out, I sent the coming out file (which I'll probably publish
soon) to the second friend I came out to, and now he takes the whole
thing seriously. Great. Third, I shaved my legs for the first time
ever. I also bought an epilator but decided not to use it yet.

Now I'm not entire sure what to do with my transition, more
specifically hormones. I couldn't find information on if it's legal
and how to obtain E without a prescription, and it also seems like
self-medicating in this case is not the best option. I'll, of course,
schedule an appointment with my therapist, but knowing where I live,
I'm not sure if I'll make any progress.

## 2020-11-05

The appointment is scheduled on Monday. Currently I'm trying to battle
doubt (what if I'm not trans enough) and my mom, which is not entirely
sure that hormones is the best thing for me. I'm now kinda scared and
unsure if I'll succeed, but giving up is not an option.

Also, yeah, I'm back at my grandma's.

## 2020-11-06

For some reason I thought the laser would be today, but it's actually
tomorrow. I went home and was going to go back to grandma but decided
not to. I'm not sure if I'll attend the therapist because we're
studying on Monday and I'm not sure how to do it properly.

## 2020-11-07

The laser was canceled because of the drugs I take. Fucking
incredible. Also it was decided that it's better not to go to the
therapist on Monday because she's being replaced by another person
and there can be misunderstandings.

## 2020-11-08

I forgot to mention, but I had planned to dye my hair today. My friend
offered her service, but I decided that my mom is more experienced.
That was probably a mistake. My hair in the end looks fine, but
somehow she just forgot to wear gloves, which were right in her
fucking face, and now her hands are black.

## 2020-11-09

We had 6 classes (9 hours) today. I'm so fucking exhausted.

## 2020-11-10

Our math teacher once again reminded me of how pathetic and not worth
living my life is. Thank you, fucker, this is the exact thing I
needed. Tomorrow we're finally presenting that thing we did all the
way back in September. As you can expect, I didn't believe we would
ever do it, so I didn't do anything. Despite being extremely down,
I'll try my best to not give up and do it.

## 2020-11-11

The presentation went fine - I stole someone else's, but no one gave a
shit. Now I'm finally free, at least for a while. Also guess what, my
laptop is back. That's so cool.

## 2020-11-12

I went to my grandma one day early. We still have classes tomorrow,
but they start pretty late, so it's alright. The problem I have now is
running out of things to do.

## 2020-11-13

I forgot to mention, but since Monday we'll be having 2 weeks of
remote studying, and I'm going to stay at my grandma's. But in any
case, my mom offered me to go back home for the weekend, and I agreed.

2 interesting things happened to my rice today. First, it turned out
an update just broke my microphone. Thanks to [this post], I managed
to fix it. Second, it turned out I didn't fix TLP for shit and my USB
ports still don't work. I tried using TuneD, but it did the same, so I
just uninstalled TLP. It didn't give much battery time in any case.

[this post]: https://askubuntu.com/questions/1283440/how-to-fix-ubuntu-incorrectly-seeing-the-internal-microphone-as-an-unplugged-h "How to fix Ubuntu incorrectly seeing the internal microphone as an “unplugged” headset - and thus ignoring it?"

This name is stuck in my head:

> John Buttocks

## 2020-11-14

My mom suddenly got sick, so I'm back at my grandma's. It's really hard
not to stay bored, so I tried playing video games.

## 2020-11-15

Rice fuckery continues. I decided to finally switch from my
sway-autologin hack to greetd, but it turned out it refuses to use
fish as my login shell while fish refuses to acknowledge `~/.profile`,
so I decided to use fish wrapped in bash as my shell using [this
hack]. Also I replaced QEMU with GNOME Boxes because the latter is
actually usable by me. I tried launching the point and click games I
played as I child, but they refuse to work on Wayland, but luckily now
I can access X11 via greetd. God, I'm so deep down this rabbit hole, I
start to regret switching to Linux and not Hackintosh, for example.

[this hack]: https://gitlab.com/kirbykevinson/dotfiles/-/blob/97486b6df3160e166f0d37c90428622387b4f358/home/.bashrc

By the way, as I promised, I made a web page where you can see [how
many steps a day I walk].

[how many steps a day I walk]: /extra/pedometer/
