---
title: "12 - December"
---

## 2020-12-01

The shit yesterday hit so hard, it was still affecting me today. As a
result, I didn't do shit again.

I had an idea to publish some of my private text files, but it turned
out I don't have many of them, so I decided not to. I also had an even
more insane idea of replacing my todo list with a public GitLab issue
tracker, but it seems like if I do, I'll never look at it.

Update: I added a secret theme switcher to my website.

## 2020-12-02

For the third day in a row, we had a math class, and it seems like
it's gonna continue for at least 2 weeks. I hate my life. Today I
wasn't as lazy as yesterday and managed to make some progress on the
report, but it wasn't nearly enough.

## 2020-12-03

I decided not to make any more changes to the report and finally made
a presentation. It seems like we're presenting the next week, possibly
on Monday. Meanwhile math torture continues, and it's slowly making me
lose hope.

## 2020-12-04

About a year ago I had an idea to build a JSON-based markup language.
For some reason, I recently suddenly remembered it, and now I'll just
have to implement it. You can track my progress [here].

[here]: https://gitlab.com/kirbykevinson/jamtext/

## 2020-12-05

I greatly overestimated my programming abilities - writing in such a
hellish language as C is a nightmare. But in any case, I somehow
managed to implement the serializer, improved the overall code
quality, and started writing the deserializer.

## 2020-12-06

Just as I expected, I finished implemeting the lexer. The last part
left is the parser, but it's the hardest one, and considering I don't
know how to implement it, I don't know how much time it can take me.
The weekend ends tomorrow, but I'll still probably have some time on
the classes to code. Wish me luck.

## 2020-12-07

I did have some time on the classes as I expected, and I spent it
implementing the core of the parser - the shit can now parse
primitives. Unfortunately, I couldn't finish it because I suddenly
started feeling extremely drugged. I need to go to my doctor and
finally tell her about the drugs.

## 2020-12-08

I'm done implementing the parser! Now the only steps left are to
actually test it and tell everyone about it. Other than that, the day
wasn't as good. Our teacher says we're presenting the next Tuesday,
but I have absolutely no motivation whatsoever to fix my shit.

## 2020-12-09

The classes were pretty late today and there were only 2 of them, so I
ended up being one of only 2 people that attended. I had nothing to do
but play Game Boy games. Tomorrow the classes are just as useless as
today but not as late.

As I wanted to do, I published my programming idea list. I'm assuming
you already know where to look for it.

## 2020-12-10

I didn't sleep well today, so I ended up feeling kinda crappy. Not
much happened in terms of studying, so it's not much of an issue.

I made [an issue tracker for my life]. Yup, I did. Feel free to open
an issue.

[an issue tracker for my life]: https://gitlab.com/kirbykevinson/life/

God, I want to be a girl so much. I can't stop thinking about how
difficult it would be for me to actually be one in this country, and
it saddens me.

## 2020-12-11

I went to the doctor and told her about the feeling drugged problem.
She didn't prescribe a different drug and just told me to take them
differently. I hope it helps.

The jamtext project is currently doing fine. I fixed several bugs I've
found and now am planning to add a testing suite to the whole thing by
forking one for JSON.

## 2020-12-12

I spent the day trying to port [JSONTestSuite] for jamtext. Even
though the thing is messy as fuck, I kind of did it. Only after doing
it I realized that it makes no sense because there's only 1
implementation of jamtext, and it'd be a much better idea to just
write regular tests.

[JSONTestSuite]: https://github.com/nst/JSONTestSuite/

## 2020-12-13

As I wanted, I wrote a set of regular unit tests. They suck, but some
tests are better than none.

Update: I also made the thing more portable by getting rid of
open\_memstream and fmemopen. It was painful.

## 2020-12-14

We had only one pretty late class today. Nothing interesting happened.
We're presenting our shit tomorrow, and I feel like it's gonna be a
disaster. My report is definitely the worst one in the group, and I'm
not sure if I'll be able to force myself to write a speech instead of
improvising.

The jamtext project meanwhile is doing really great (or maybe the
opposite, depending how you look at it). I detected and removed a lot
of problems and imperfections. Most of them, however, are from the
fact that I use C. I really wish I'd chosen to write the thing in Rust
instead.

## 2020-12-15

I did manage to write a speech but ended up not using it. Cool. I
think it was even better like this because I was actually prepared and
knew what to tell about. Overall, I think my presentation was not that
bad considering what shit I've seen today. The process itself went
surprisingly fine - no one even laughed. I think I can even say that
I'm satisfied.

Why is it taking so long for my therapist to recover? It's getting
ridiculous, who would want to wait for so long. My mom says we can try
DIY, but idk, that sounds kinda dangerous to me, so I think we better
try doing it legally first.

Update: I revealed my VK profile, the country of residence and the
birthdate. Now stalking me is so much easier!

## 2020-12-16

We had 2 math classes in a row. I was told that the ones with any
undone assignments won't be allowed to the exam. Guess what, that's my
exact case. Fucking incredible. And there's not much I can do now,
considering I completely don't understand the topics we're learning.
On the second class we were given a class-long task. I couldn't stand
the embarassment and just fleed.

## 2020-12-17

One of the 2 days before the nightmare ends (or at least for some
time) is over. Thank God.

GTK 4 got released. I was going to port my apps to it but decided to
wait until it's in the main distros' packages. I was also going to
publish some of my secret text files to the blog but decided not to
just yet.

## 2020-12-18

"I'm depressed" again. You know, like, because of the usual stuff. My
stupidity one more time put me on the verge of getting kicked out,
which is not the best thing, considering how fucking useless I am, so
I'm once again left with no hope for the better future. Right now it'd
be really cool if my antidepressants actually did shit so I at least
didn't want to kill myself.

I'm so fucking tired.

## 2020-12-19

I spent the day taking a break from studying. Not much happened except
a couple of minor quality of life improvement in jamtext. Also thanks
to my English courses, I now have a proper reusable mask.

## 2020-12-20

Basically, the same shit as yesterday, but instead of a new mask I now
have a new keyboard.

## 2020-12-21

My friends offered me to partially fix my math problem by stealing
their work. I refused. It may or may not have been a mistake. But in
any case, we had a pre-exam consultation today. He just asked us to
ask him any questions, and since I didn't have any, I left just as
fast as I came. The exam itself is happening on Wednesday.

I finally managed to ilegally obtain a good quality Gunbuster copy,
including the science lessons series. I'm so happy. I'm gonna make a
wallpaper collection soon.

## 2020-12-22

This was an extremely boring day. I tried my best to make at least
something happen but failed.

## 2020-12-23

The exam went fine because I had an automatic pass and didn't even
have to do any tasks. Cool. Another exam is happening on Friday.

I don't feel so good. I still can't stop thinking about Wayland. I
tried to write a blogpost about it to get it off my chest, but I just
couldn't find enough arguments.

Update: here's [the blogpost](/blog/things-wrong-with-wayland/).

## 2020-12-24

We had another consultation today. I decided not to attend, and so did
the rest of the group. Good. What's not good is the fact that I'm
absolutely unprepared and not willing to cheat.

I shared the article on Hacker News and the Sway subreddit. Not sure
if it helped.

## 2020-12-25

The exam went fine because I got the questions I was actually prepared
to answer. Also I finally agreed to give the stolen paper to the math
teacher. It seems like I'm finally free for some time. One question
still remains - what am I gonna do all this time?

## 2020-12-26

So it's the first day of the winter break, huh? I didn't expect it to
be so boring.

I tried once again to fix my broken touchpad. (It looks like I forgot
to ever mention it, but here's [the summary].) One idea was to write a
LD\_PRELOAD hack similar to [something like this], but it turned out
there's no libinput option for scrolling sensitivity. Damn. Another
idea was to do some magic with udev's hwdb, but that idea failed too
because no option seems to work.

[the summary]: https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/libinput/libinput/-/issues/554 "Abnormal scroll sensitivity on an IdeaPad touchpad"
[something like this]: https://github.com/gaul/libinput-force-middle-click-emulation

## 2020-12-27

The day kinda sucked. First, it was just as boring as fuck, but at
least I wasn't as anxious. Second, I once again tried to rewrite the
screenshot taking script, and even though I figured out how to do the
gtk-layer-shell magic (i.e. show the window before setting the auto
exclusive zone), I still failed to get the shit together. Third, my
touchpad straight up died. It did come to life though, but considering
it happened to me in the past, I'm now not sure if it's actually doing
well and if I need to return the laptop again.

## 2020-12-28

It was even more boring than yesterday, and I also worried about
insignificant stuff more. The New Year is so close, yet I have
absolutely no mood.

## 2020-12-29

If the things continue as they are, this is gonna be the dullest New
Year on the record.

I forgot to mention, but I changed the profile pic and the website
button. Slapper pink is, of course, cool, but a Windows 97 folder
better fits the website and creates a nice "brand identity." What am I
even talking about.
