---
title: "12 - December"
---

## 2020-12-01

The shit yesterday hit so hard, it was still affecting me today. As a
result, I didn't do shit again.

I had an idea to publish some of my private text files, but it turned
out I don't have many of them, so I decided not to. I also had an even
more insane idea of replacing my todo list with a public GitLab issue
tracker, but it seems like if I do, I'll never look at it.

Update: I added a secret theme switcher to my website.

## 2020-12-02

For the third day in a row, we had a math class, and it seems like
it's gonna continue for at least 2 weeks. I hate my life. Today I
wasn't as lazy as yesterday and managed to make some progress on the
report, but it wasn't nearly enough.

## 2020-12-03

I decided not to make any more changes to the report and finally made
a presentation. It seems like we're presenting the next week, possibly
on Monday. Meanwhile math torture continues, and it's slowly making me
lose hope.

## 2020-12-04

About a year ago I had an idea to build a JSON-based markup language.
For some reason, I recently suddenly remembered it, and now I'll just
have to implement it. You can track my progress [here].

[here]: https://gitlab.com/kirbykevinson/jamtext/

## 2020-12-05

I greatly overestimated my programming abilities - writing in such a
hellish language as C is a nightmare. But in any case, I somehow
managed to implement the serializer, improved the overall code
quality, and started writing the deserializer.

## 2020-12-06

Just as I expected, I finished implemeting the lexer. The last part
left is the parser, but it's the hardest one, and considering I don't
know how to implement it, I don't know how much time it can take me.
The weekend ends tomorrow, but I'll still probably have some time on
the classes to code. Wish me luck.
