---
title: "The List"
date: 2020-04-18

url: "the-list"
---

My life is shit, and I want to kill myself. Thinking of the reasons
why quite often makes me panic and/or hurt myself, so I decided to
describe everything here in a simple and straightforward way. If you
still didn't close this article, you may also be interested in
checking out [my diary].

[my diary]: /journal/diary/

## I'm a useless piece of shit

### I can't work anywhere

I don't have any high-level skills, and I'm also absolute jackshit at
doing unqualified work and even basic daily life stuff. I struggle a
lot with anything, and literally anyone can handle simple tasks better
than me. There's virtually no reason to hire me other than to make me
and the employer suffer.

### I can't teach myself to work anywhere

As I said, I can't perform even simple tasks and, even considering
someone, for some reason, gets an initiative to fix that (which they
obviously won't), it'll be extremely difficult, painful, and very
slow. It's much easier to just give up.

### I probably have some mental issues

I'm quite unsure about that, but, considering I haven't noticed other
people suffering as much as myself, me having a lot of personal issues
and rarely enjoying anything, and my relatives and people and
studied/were friends with being very rarely any supportive and really
often abusive, that might be the case. There were several
oppurtunities of getting actual professional help in the past, but I
was and still am scared of using them.

## I'm scared of going to the doctor

### I'm not used to it

I go to doctor very, very rarely and never on my own initiative. I do
that only when I'm forced to and/or have high risks of dying or being
permanently damaged. I have no idea how to go to one on my own and
what to do, especially with overwhelming anxiety. Also, considering I
live in a small place of a 3rd world country, there's a quite high
chance of not finding a good doctor, and that makes me even more
scared.

### I can't explain myself

I have no idea what's wrong with me, and I can't put into words what's
going on, especially when not given time to think about it, and the
person I'm talking to doesn't really give much shit. I also hate
talking, especially in my native language. So, unless I pay someone to
deal with all of this shit, which I can't, I'm fucked.

## The education I'm getting sucks

### They don't teach us anything

We're taught neither any actual professional skills nor anything else
important we can actually use in our lives. We're just wasting our
time and suffering instead of actually learning anything, and almost
no one gives a slightest shit about that.

### They don't care about us

Absolutely nothing has been done to improve any aspect of the
educational process, but a ton of things has been done to worsen it
even more. We're demanded a ridiculous amount of things and
constrained beyond believable because of the completely idiotic
beuraucratic bullshit, and, again, almost one one gives a shit.

### I have no future

The best thing I can do after graduating (which I doubt I can do
because the shit's getting worse each year) is to go fuck myself. What
the hell else am I supposed to do after 4 years of torture and no
actual education, considering I'm not able to work anywhere? Also I
can't go anywhere else to study because there's most likely no such
place where I live, and I don't have money and am scared to study
where there are such places.

## The country I live in sucks

### It has mandatory military service

This is the elephant in the room, so let's address it first. Just
because I happened to be born with a certain set of genitals, I'll
have to waste a significant amount of my time being practically
enslaved while being traumatized and potentially risking my life and
given no additional oppurtunities afterwards. What kind of bullshit is
that? This is completely ridiculous, and I'd actually rather be
tortured to death; that'd be at least faster. The draft is
unavoidable, and practically no one involved in this shit cares to be
a decent human being.

### It's becoming more and more of a totalitarian shithole

This country has never been democratic and caring about people, but
the situation gets worse each year. The government are taking more and
more of people's freedom and aren't doing anything to improve the
economy. The Internet, one of the most important things for me, is
already very unfree, and the government is getting more invasive in
people's privacy here.

### It's full of intolerant scum

As most of other 3rd world countries, this one is as conserviative as
you can imagine in the worst sense possible. The freedoms of speech,
LGBT+, and religion are non-existent and there's very little I can do
about it. This is absolutely disgusting for the 21st century, and I
doubt anything's gonna change.

### Doing business here is impossible

Even if the problems with me get fixed, I most likely won't be working
for an ethical company with a sense of respect to people because there
are barely any, and there's no way I can get into one. Also, as I
mentioned, online privacy is not a thing for Russian companies, so I'm
doomed in this aspect in any case.

## Conclusion

Just fucking kill me.
