---
title: "2000s and 2010s"
---

This is most likely the complete list of movies I've watched in my
life at the moment of writing it (2020-04-05). I barely remember most
of them, so I only bothered to write reviews only for and rate some.
The movies with reviews are listed first; everything is listed in the
order I remembered.

## 200X-XX-XX: Madagascar

As I remember, this is the first movie I've ever seen. Or at least the
one I've seen in an actual cinema.

## 20XX-XX-XX: Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi

My favorite Star Wars episode. It's cool.

## 20XX-XX-XX: Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith

This one is also cool.

## 2019-1X-XX: Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker

It's shit. They fucked up the connection between the episodes, and the
whole thing is just not epic. Also it doesn't feel like a "Star" Wars
movie.

## 201X-XX-XX: Spaceballs

What an amazing movie, considering it's a parody.

8/10

## 201X-XX-XX: Tomb Raider

I haven't played a single Tomb Raider game, but the movie was okay, I
guess.

## 201X-XX-XX: Wheels on Meals

An amazing movie starring Jackie Chan. God bless Hong Kong 97 (the
game) for making me discover it.

## 201X-XX-XX: Drunken Master

Another amazing movie with Jackie Chan. Also I had to watch it in
Chinese, but it was even better like that.

## 2019-XX-XX: Dora and the Lost City of Gold

(I cringed a lot while watching, but) it was pretty good for children.
I don't know why failed in the box office.

## 201X-XX-XX: The Evil Dead

It was pretty fun to watch, but I couldn't take its sequel.

## 2018-XX-XX: Ant-Man and the Wasp

I actually quite liked it. Also I've seen it before the first Ant-Man
movie.

## 201X-XX-XX: The Green Elephant

An absolute masterpiece of shit. A movie can't get more fucked up than
this. I like it.

1/10

---

* Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope
* Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back
* Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace
* Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones
* Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens
* Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi
* Shrek
* Shrek 2
* Shrek the Third
* Shrek Forever After
* The Matrix
* The Matrix Reloaded
* The Matrix Revolutions
* Forrest Gump
* The Shawshank Redemption
* Avengers: Endgame
* Avatar
* Avengers: Infinity War
* Ant-Man
* Iron Man
* Iron Man 2
* Iron Man 3
* Kung Fu Panda
* Men in Black
* Men in Black II
* Men in Black 3
* Aladdin
* Raiders of the Lost Ark
* Rush Hour
* Rush Hour 2
* Rush Hour 3
* Home Alone
* Up
* WALL-E
* Monsters, Inc.
* Monsters University
* Cars
* Cars 2
* Independence Day
* Back to the Future
* Back to the Future Part II
* Back to the Future Part III
* The Croods
* Venom (2018)
* Smallfoot
* Wreck-It Ralph
* Ratatouille
* The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
* Deadpool
* Deadpool 2
* The Irony of Fate, or Enjoy Your Bath!
* Happy Death Day
* Alyosha Popovich and Tugarin Zmey
* Dobrynya Nikitich and Zmey Gorynych
* Ilya Muromets and Nightingale the Robber
* How Not to Rescue a Princess
* Ivan Tsarevich and the Gray Wolf
* The Terminator
* Terminator 2: Judgment Day
* Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines
* Terminator Genisys
* Alien
* The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
* Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Across the 2nd Dimension
* Beauty and the Beast (1991)
* Ice Age
* Despicable Me
* How to Train Your Dragon
* Jaws 19
* Shark Tale
* Mutant Girls Squad
* The Fifth Element
* Bruce Almighty
* The Little Mermaid (1989)
* The Emperor's New Groove
* Enemy of the State
* The Incredibles
* Winnie-the-Pooh (1969)
* Winnie-the-Pooh Pays a Visit
* Winnie-the-Pooh and a Busy Day
* Vovka in a Far Away Kingdom
* The Adventures of Buratino (1959)
* The Twelve Months (1956)
* Thumbelina (1964)
* Vodyanoy (1961)
* The Bremen Town Musicians
* Spy Kids
* Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams
* Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over
* A.I. Artificial Intelligence
* Source Code
* Taxi (1998)
* Ronal the Barbarian
* Lilo & Stitch
* Coraline
* Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events
* The Grey
* For the Birds
* Black Knight
* Captain America: Civil War
* Nasha Russia. Yaytsa sudby
