---
title: "2020"
---

## 2020-04-10: The Room (2003)

Yeah, it kinda sucked. There's barely any plot and the characters are
empty, but that isn't the biggest problem, and the acting isn't
either... The sex scenes. Yes, too many of them. There's literally
like 2 in the first 20 minutes of the movie. It's so fucking annoying,
and the rest of the scenes being extremely awkward doesn't help. I
don't know, I didn't enjoy this one.

4/10

## 2020-05-04: 2001: A Space Oddysey

It's unbelievably amazing, and I don't know how it was possible to
make it back in 1968. Everything about this movie just blows my mind -
the soundtrack is definitely among the best I've ever heard, the
visual effects look great even by this day, and the plot is so
pleasant despite being surreal and barely understandable. The acting
and the way the whole thing is composed are quite remarkable for me
too.

10/10

## 2020-05-06: Blade Runner

This was the second time I've seen a cyberpunk movie (if we don't
count The Matrix), and, compared to Akira, the atmosphere in this one
isn't that creepy but still quite enjoyable. I think a little bit more
violence would help. The music is interesting, and the visual effects
look pretty damn good for 1982, but I think it was digitally
remastered in some places, and it kinda stands out. I watched The
Final Cut, and it looks like the cuts have significant differences
between each other. I was somewhat confused about the ending, but,
looking at the original one, it's for the better.

9/10

## 2020-07-07: Zootopia

While being focused on the serious topic of discrimination, the thing
tries to be funny by inserting as many jokes and puns as humanly
possible. I think it succeeds.

7/10

## 2020-07-07: Total Recall

It's a bloody mess with some deep sci-fi and a nice ending. Just as I
like. Visually, I think, it's pretty impressive, and the plot is
pretty clever, but still perfectly understandable.

8/10
