---
title: "2021"
---

## 2021-03-05: Raya and the Last Dragon

Overall, it's a pretty good princess movie. The dragons look cute and
the women are strong, which I like like. The world it's set in is
nothing out of ordinary but still manages to be engaging. I think it'd
look cool in a video game or a TV show. The whole thing ends on an
emotional moment, but it could me more dramatic to fit my tastes.

8/10

## 2021-03-06: Tom & Jerry (2021)

I wasn't as bad as I expected but still not good enough. The film
tries to balance between the original story and the Tom and Jerry
clusterfuck we all know and love since childhood but fails miserably -
there's just not enough Tom and Jerry. The story itself may not be the
best and may be cringy and unfunny in some parts, but it could be much
worse. Another thing to mention here is the visuals. Even though
cartoony animals in a realistic world don't look the best, at least
it's not as bad as it could've been if they went for a completely
realistic approach.

5/10

## 2021-03-23: Nobody (2021)

It's awesome. I came with high expectations and there were more than
satisfied. The idea of a movie where the good guy gets plain revenge
on the bad guy doesn't sound too good on paper, but oh boy, it was
executed perfectly. The whole story is pretty interesting to watch
unfold, which is additionally fuelled by nice acting. The main part of
the movie, the scene where the main character slaughters dozens of bad
guys, was also executed pretty well. The violence level is just about
what I like, i.e. really fucking high. It was really satisfying to
watch so many people die.

One interesting thing about the movie is that it features Russian
characters actually speaking Russian, meaning not dubbed. It does
sound a bit out of place but is still satisfying to hear.

This cinema visit wasn't quite ordinary. First, there were barely any
people (like, 6 of them without me), which is sort of strange because
I thought this movie was pretty big. Second, a family was watching the
movie there with their 5-year-old daughter. What the fuck? Don't they
think this movie is *maybe* a little too violent for her? Also this
baby asshole made stupid comments on the movie that made absolutely no
fucking sense. I mean what can you even expect from a child? In any
case, she shut the fuck up at some point, so thank God.

8/10

## 2021-04-27: Wrath of Man

The best I can describe this film is "uninspiring." I'd probably say
that the ending is pretty good, relatively speaking, but the movie
overall is meh. The plot has some interesting ideas, but it feels like
the movie isn't even trying to be epic. There's barely any swearing,
and even though the movie succeeds at killing as many side-characters
as possible, the level of voilence is just too low.  And in addition
to all of that, it's pretty boring. Overall, I'm disappointed because
the movie looks like it wants to be good but isn't trying hard enough.

6/10

## 2021-05-01: Voyagers

Not gay enough.

1/10

Okay, I'm just kidding. The movie is actually not that bad. The basic
idea of the whole strory is that humans are easily manipulative, and I
kinda like it. The implementation of this idea is good enough, I
guess. The movie is thrilling in some moments, but it isn't too
bizzare. The same goes to pretty much the whole thing - the acting,
the scenes, the aesthetics all get a passing grade from me, no more.
Still, I wouldn't say I'm disappointed because it could do more
because I didn't expect much. What I however have a little complaint
about is the ending. It's not like it doesn't fit or is unsatisfying,
it's just too safe and sterile. What I really wanted this film to show
me is people murdering each other and things exploding, but instead I
got a regular mediocre happy ending. I guess it follows the same rule
as the rest of the movie. But in any case, I still enjoyed this movie
overall somehow.

7/10

## 2021-05-21: Groundhog Day

On the first glace, it's regular cheesy romantic comedy held together
by simple sci-fi'ish concept but it still manages to somehow deliver.
One of the things I like about it is how American it feels. There
aren't any particular elements like flags hanging everywhere, but the
vibe is still there and it feels real nice. Another thing is that the
progression of events goes exactly like you'd expect but it doesn't
become boring. It's a great pleasure to watch the main character go
from insanity to making the best out of his unlimited time, which I
guess anyone in his place would do. And as a cherry at top of this
cake, the film features great acting and nice cinematography. Overall,
it's a great watch.

8/10
