---
title: "2019"
---

## 2019-06-28: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure (1993)

That was a kinda rough thing to begin with. The thing looks pretty
retro, but is not epic enough. Having almost no introduction to the
characters also doesn't help.

5/10

## 2019-07-01: Gunbuster

The plot is extremely silly, but the emotional (the whole thing nearly
made me cry in the end) and the sci-fi (especially time dilation)
elements save everything. The visuals, the music, and the action are
all outstanding.

10/10 (personal favorite so far)

## 2019-07-??: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Stardust Crusaders

Pretty interesting idea, story, and nice visuals.

7/10

P.S. my apologies for part-skipping; I didn't even intend to continue
watching the series, but it really made me interested.

## 2019-07-??: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Phantom Blood

The same as for the previous one.

7/10

## 2019-07-??: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Battle Tendency

The same as for the previous one.

7/10

## 2019-07-??: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable

The same as for the previous one, except the art style is too smooth
for me.

7/10

## 2019-07-??: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Golden Wind

The story is still just as interesting, and the visuals are a little
bit better.

7/10

## 2019-07-??: Diebuster

Not as deep and retro as the original, but still manages to be pretty
cool.

8/10

## 2019-07-15: Neon Genesis Evangelion

What the fuck.

9/10

## 2019-07-16: Akira

Turned out to be much more creepy than I expected; is not only giving
insanely retro vibes but also amazingly executed in all aspects.

10/10

## 2019-07-30: Cowboy Bebop

An absolute masterpiece. The music and the cultural elements are
outstanding. The opening is literally the best one I've ever seen and
never skipped. The ending isn't what I expected, but it's still
amazing.

10/10

## 2019-11-30: Gunsmith Cats

I expected to be entertained and wasn't disappointed. Overall, it's a
pretty medium-quality piece, but I don't regret watching it.

6/10

## 2019-12-01: Kill La Kill

I was actually surprized that a non-retro piece managed to get me.
The music and the (mostly background and lighting) visuals are much
better than I expected. The whole thing is extremely entertaining not
only in terms of action but also silly stuffs.

8/10

## 2019-12-31: Fist of the North Star (1986)

It's really weird to watch, but extreme violence, depressive
atmosphere, and amazing visuals do their job very well. The plot isn't
anything special, but it could be worse. The soundtrack isn't very
rememberable but is generally good.

7/10
