---
title: "2020"
---

## 2020-02-07

The ridiculousness of the educational program I have to follow made me
completety lose any will to live, and I had an insane panic attack in
the evening.

## 2020-02-08

Shitcoding in Python temporarily lifted my mood. Also I found [a cool
song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9G6p9xRxgYA).

## 2020-02-09

I finally finished the website, which is great. Other than that, the
whole day I was trying not to blow up again because the 5-day-long
mental rape starts tomorrow, and I was mostly successful.

## 2020-02-10

It actually wasn't that bad, but I felt sick as shit the whole day.

## 2020-02-11

Everything was alright, except still being sick and not having quite
enough time to do all the stuff I'd planned. Also my website finally
doesn't suck as much and has an actual blog.

## 2020-02-12

Still sick and still no time. Fuck.

## 2020-02-13

Not as sick now; still keeping on being not in the shittiest mood.
Still no time, though, but the weekend is close, and I hope I'll
finally be able to experiment with my rice and watch some anime.

## 2020-02-14

I genuinely felt happy like I did most of the time 4 previous days.
This is really unusual, but I hope it stays.

## 2020-02-15

No anime, yes rice. In any case, I'll also have time tomorrow.

## 2020-02-16

I didn't. Also no rice this time. I could barely find anything to
enjoy today. Overall, my mood got about as shitty as usual. Also I
started to think more about uploading this website to Neocities, but
God knows how much time it'll take to force myself to do that if
things go as they always do.

## 2020-02-17

shit fuck fuck fuck shit fuck fuck shit fuck fuck fuck shit shit fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck shit fuck shit fuck fuck
fuck fuck shit fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck shit fuck shit shit fuck
fuck fuck shit fuck shit shit shit shit fuck fuck fuck fuck shit shit
shit shit fuck fuck shit shit fuck fuck shit fuck shit fuck shit shit
fuck fuck fuck shit fuck

## 2020-02-18

I spent really too much time thinking about the font size on my
website for little reason. Luckily, it seems like I mostly fixed it.
Other than that, the day fucking sucked, and I'm also now being forced
by the place I'm studying in to participate in a completely ridiculous
singing(!) competition, and I die inside every time I even think of
it. I'll, of course, try my absolute best to skip it because it's a
torture worse than almost any other one.

## 2020-02-19

I nearly exploded in panic while studying, but I did it. It'll
probably cause me some trouble later, but I don't care. After getting
home, I somehow managed to lift my ass and take care of my projects,
but not as much as actually writing any significant code. Overall, it
could be worse, but I still wish I was dead.

## 2020-02-20

No trouble yet. Except maybe having to listen to the rest of the group
singing their shit the second time. Other than that, I could barely
move and, of course, I didn't do anything I'd planned.

## 2020-02-21

I was so fucking tired both physically and mentally the whole day.
Listening to city pop and mostly finishing ethmenu lifted my mood but
not much.

## 2020-02-22

The day began with nearly shitting my pants while still being in bed.
After doing one study-related thing, I came back home and fell asleep
at about 5 PM. I woke up at least 2 times and felt really really sick.
I woke up at about 7 AM the next day, so I couldn't actually write
this entry on the stated date.

## 2020-02-23

Less sick, also did some website and Python stuff. Overall, not that
bad.

## 2020-02-24

Everything got worse. A lot. I wish I wasn't alive.
