---
title: "2020-06"
---

## 2020-06-01

Oof. This was quite a fucked up day. After writing the previous entry,
I suddenly got really tired just like the day before and spent several
hours lying in the bathtub thinking how much I'm digusted with my
body, my thoughts, things I do, and my very existence. After waking
up, I barely managed to get on time to the military comission because
of some misplanning, but the commision itself, despite make me nervous
as fuck, passed very quickly. The thing that didn't pass quickly,
however, was the fact that it made me think about how much fucked up
my life is and spoiled the whole day. The day itself was boring as
hell because of my complete lack of motivation to do anything, so I
entertained myself my watching [Mark Rober]'s (another newly
discovered by me YouTube channel's) videos.

[Mark Rober]: https://www.youtube.com/user/onemeeeliondollars

By the way, I decided to finally try out Discord, and this shit pulled
out a Twitter-like "non-mandatory" phone verification card. I swear to
Jesus, Allah, Cthulhu, Buddah, and the fucking Flying Spaghetti
Monster that not a single goddamn service on this planet will have a
luxury of having my phone number anymore. Depending on my mood, I'll
either register another account or purge both this garbage and Twitter
with fire.

## 2020-06-02

The intense sense of doom hasn't gone anywhere, and I'm still
constantly fantasizing about killing myself, but some good things did
happen. My phone is finally back (well, kind of because it's actually
a different phone but of the same model), and [the GPU hang fix] seems
to be already on its way to my PC with the 5.7 kernel update. Also I
learned some cool things about Flatpak like the simplied (un)install
syntax (`flatpak install gimp` instead of `flatpak install flathub
org.gimp.GIMP`) and the fact that Netsurf and Neovim are on Flathub.
Additionaly I decided to check out such a thing as [Bedrock Linux],
and it turned out it's much more impressive than I thought, and I
might even try it out in a VM some day.

[the GPU hang fix]: https://cgit.freedesktop.org/drm-intel/commit/?id=1c8ee8b92fb6ac9d5975147cc902e8c142eca338 "drm/i915/gt: Restore Cherryview back to full-ppgtt"
[Bedrock Linux]: https://bedrocklinux.org/

## 2020-06-03

God, just fucking kill me. Each day gets only worse and worse. I have
absolutely no motivation and no reason to continue being alive. What
am I even supposed to do?

## 2020-06-04

Basically, everything's still the same. The only exception is that I
spent an enourmous amount of time experimenting with Flatpak packaging
by (unsuccesfully) trying to port khansoul. I managed to package the
app itself, which is cool, but it turned out making terminal emulators
work across different process namespaces is kinda difficult due to a
certain PTY bullshit, so I gave up for now. Also the whole thing is
pretty hacky - the terminal child process (the shell) has to be
spawned with `flatpak-spawn --host` or by doing some D-Bus magic on
`org.freedesktop.Flatpak`. I wish Glib/VTE just provided this out of
the box.

## 2020-06-05

I woke up really late, so nothing managed to happen. I felt kinda
happy when falling asleep, but today is averagely shitty. I did some
minor work on the website and am probably going to do more after
writing this entry. The thing that's on my mind currently is, as you
can see, Flatpak because I really like it and really want to do
something interesting with it. Also I've been recently thinking about
bying a Neocities Supporter subscription and my own domain, but I'm
not sure how good this idea is, considering I don't earn any money.

## 2020-06-06

Yours truly now owns [kevinson.org], which now hosts the GitLab Pages
version of the website. This is the first domain name I've ever bought
in my life. I spent the whole day configuring the shit so it works,
and, despite every day still being torture and uncertainty about my
future, I'm pleased. I'm not sure if I'm going to buy a Neocities
Supporter subscription now because it's expensive as fuck for me, but
I swear I will sometime.

[kevinson.org]: http://kevinson.org/

## 2020-06-07

I fell asleep pretty early but still woke up late as fuck. As you can
expect, I did nothing and spent the whole day watching talks on
YouTube and other stuff.

## 2020-06-08

For the most of the day, I just didn't feel like being awake and was
doing nothing except listening to the same 2 albums I listen to every
day. Then I discovered [the Extended Date Time Format], which forced
me to rewrite every uncertain date on this website. It also forced me
to finally finish and publish [the device journal]. Meanwhile, in
terms of me studying, everything is getting only more and more fucked
up, and I wish more and more that I just don't wake up the next day.

[the Extended Date Time Format]: https://loc.gov/standards/datetime/
[the device journal]: /journal/devices/

## 2020-06-09

I fucking can't. Someone, please, just end my existence now. I can't
take a single fucking day more of being this person in this place. I'm
just completely fucked for life, and there's no one who will possibly
help me. God, I hate myself so much. Writing this very text feels so
awful because it's my stupid words, generated by my useless goddamn
brain, that I have to tolerate all the fucking time because I just
can't stop thinking and can't stop speaking because I'm forced to
participate in my terrible existence, which is a complete joke for
both myself and everyone else. The only thing I want to do with this
body and this mind is throw it into a volcano to be never seen by
anyone again. What the fuck am I even supposed to do in this
situation? While I sometimes manage ignore it, each day gets only
worse and worse, and it's only I who's responsible for this shit, and
I can't fucking handle it. There's absolutely no single reason for me
to still be alive, but there's also no escape, and it's driving me
insane.

## 2020-06-10

I spent most of the day sleeping and the rest doing nothing, but who
gives a shit if nothing interesting would happen in any case.

## 2020-06-11

Another day of sleeping and nothing happening. I'm really unsure what
to do with my life. Every year gets worse and worse, and I feel like
I'm gonna break completely pretty soon. It seems like visiting a
therapist would be a good idea, but how do I even do that? Also what
am I supposed to do in case it turns out I'm completely fine and
there's no one for sure that can help me? The fact that I might be
transgender also bothers me a lot. I need to do something until it's
too late, but I can't because I'm really unsure about what these
people can do to me if I come out and if I'll be beaten up to death or
something by people on the street. Also will I even be able to study
and/or work at all? This sucks so much.

## 2020-06-12

The day began with me discovering a conflict between DistroTube and
the GNOME Foundation on the latter's code of counduct. I did some
research, and it seems like it was caused by GNOME using poor
(complicated and easy to misunderstand) wording. I sent them an
(I hope not annoying) email just in case.

Other than that, it was another quickly passing but exhausting day
day, except... I'm now a Neocities Supporter. I'm not really sure how
well I'll be able to pull $5/mo, but who cares. I'm so glad to finally
support a project I like. Also both versions of this website are now
under kevinson.org, and I can update my website with WebDAV, which
should cause me much less headache.

## 2020-06-13

God, each day passes more and more quickly. Nothing interesting
happened except the addition of [the pet journal].

[the pet journal]: /journal/pets/

## 2020-06-14

I finally redesigned [the playlist] and added [the trip journal]. Also
I figured out how to make GitLab job artifacts self-destruct thanks to
[this GitLab docs entry] and [this script]. Other than that, the fact
that I'm doomed is becoming more and more painful for not only myself
but also the people I live with.

[the playlist]: /about/playlist/
[the trip journal]: /journal/trips/
[this GitLab docs entry]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/pipelines/job_artifacts.html
[this script]: https://gist.github.com/carceneaux/b75d483e3e0cb798ae60c424300d5a0b

## 2020-06-15

This day passed so damn quickly, I nearly forgot to write this entry.
Basically, I spent the whole day desperately trying to improve my
studying situation, but some interesting things did happen. While
going down the Wikipedia rabbit hole instead of falling asleep, I
accidentally bumped into such thing as "googlewhacking", which it
turns out I've already kinda been doing without knowing the term, and
it made me watch an excellent story called The Googlewhack Adventure
made by Dave Gorman. Also the GNOME Foundation replied to my email (3
days ago :)), and the proposal to make the thing more understandable
is currently being reviewed. Cool.

## 2020-06-16

The fact that everything is so fucked up made the people I live with
be asking me what the hell I'm going to even more than before. I don't
fucking know what to do; if I knew, I'd already do it, so stop asking.
I also had to meet one of my teachers, and I hate him so fucking much.
Don't get me wrong, he's a good *teacher* but an awful person. He
talked some shit about me after we met, and I want to ram his ugly
motherfucking face into concrete for that. By the way, I've been
offered a specific therapist by one of my relatives, and I'm making an
appointment tomorrow. Cool, I guess? I doubt how good the one I'm
going to is, but I guess there's no way to find a decent one in this
city in any case. I emailed him some links to this website, so I hope
he has enough material to work with. Regarding the website itself, I
added some soundtracks to [the playlist] and ran out of things to do
by now. Obviously, I'm still going to do daily updates, but my website
TODO is currently empty. If you're a fellow Neocitizen, I don't know,
you recommend me something to add.

## 2020-06-17

So I visited the therapist. According to him, my problem is just
severe sociophobia and anger mismanagement. He also said that I can't
possibly be sure about my gender and sexuality because I haven't tried
anything yet, but that makes sense. Also I somehow forgot to mention
my extreme procrastination problem. I'm still not sure how much I can
trust him, but whatever. My brain doesn't want to be fixed but left
alone to let it die in any case, so I've gotta do something until it's
too late. The whole thing left me really tired for the rest of the
day, so I didn't do shit.

## 2020-06-18

Not much happened today. My schedule is still fucked up, and I'm still
wasting my time on random shit instead of improving my life. I made
the website gateway, which I'm probably going to move into a separate
project and display on the root of [kevinson.org].

## 2020-06-19

I have an exam tomorrow, which is really bad because my sleep schedule
hasn't got any better yet. Just like yesterday, I spent the whole day
overeating but not doing anything else this time.

## 2020-06-20

I took the exam, and it was really fucked up. We barely had any time,
and I almost didn't manage to send my shit. Also it turned out I have
another completely unrelated exam tomorrow, about which I forgot a
long time ago. Other than that, I did some minor accessibility work on
the website.

## 2020-06-21

Right after writing the previous entry, I discovered that [Flexbox is
fucked up], which made me fall asleep much later than I expected. And
I still have one page (the credits), where I didn't manage to fix the
shit. In any case, I took the fucking exam, and it was awful. Not
because the exam was bad, but because I felt like an absolute ass
after only 5 hours of sleep and 3 hours of sitting in a mask being
barely able to breathe. Also I didn't prepare for shit, but it wasn't
*that* hard in any case. I spent the rest of the day sleeping because
why not.

[Flexbox is fucked up]: https://drailing.net/2018/04/css-quicky-fixing-flexbox-width-with-pre-tags/ "CSS quicky: fixing flexbox width with pre tags"

## 2020-06-22

As I slept yesterday, I decided not to sleep at all. Instead I was
diving deep into the Wikipedia rabbit hole. It turned out we had
another exam today, which was even more fucked up than the previous
one, and will have one tomorrow. 4 hours after today's exam, I
couldn't help myself but fall asleep for the rest of the day again. It
seems like I had 11 hours of sleep, and now I'm wondering how the fuck
am I supposed to sleep again.

## 2020-06-23

Basically, I was sleeping and wasting my time on nothing while feeling
like lksjd hf asdilfhasdlkfjh slkdjf hlaskdjf hsilduf hsaldkadhoijAS
LASKDH HLAKJhLKJhLKJHLJKHLKjh lkjhLKjHlkjh elkjhlkjHLKJhLKJhLKJH
SLUSHASDFIUH ASDLIFSLA jLjhLKJjlk sdhflksjdf hlaskjdflk. God, I wish I
just didn't wake up. No work on the website has been done, but I've
been thinking of separating the diary and the dream journal by months
instead of years, but I'm not sure what to do with broken permalinks.
Maybe I'll just add a redirect or something. Or maybe I just won't do
anything. Also a new very secret page is coming, so watch out.

## 2020-06-24

I decided not to separate anything, but I did something else - 2006 to
2018 dream journals are now merged into one, the yearbook is now [the
diary summary], and I tried to put into words [the rules I live by]. I
have an exam tomorrow, the hardest one of them all, and I'll most
likely fail it. I'm still not sure what I'm going to do afterwards,
but whatever.

[the diary summary]: /journal/diary/summary/
[the rules I live by]: /about/rules-i-live-by/

By the way, I've finally found out the source of the walking Putin
meme song - [Song for Denise by Piano Fantasia]. Holy fuck, it sounds
amazing. The 80s vibes are so strong and hit you harder than a brick
wall. Another cool song that I've heard recently (not actually, I was
just a lazy piece of shit and not writing about it) is [polyriddim by
Phonon]. It was quite a while since I've heard and liked a dubstep
song, but this song seems to have changed it. I'm not sure what it
exactly is cool about it, but it my ears really enjoy it.

[Song for Denise by Piano Fantasia]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hH9M-m3WD0g
[polyriddim by Phonon]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE0YFvInlSY

## 2020-06-25

So I took the exam. I already know how good (bad) I did, so I won't
even bother checking. We have the last one tomorrow, and I'll finally
be free for 2 months until I get mentally raped again. Other than the
exam, it was a pretty boring day. Out of nothing to do, I watched the
entire [Stallman's talk on 2019-08-27]. He used the same slides as he
did countless times before, but the talk itself was different, and the
ending was kinda surprising. I also decided to experiment on my face
in FaceApp, which I now regret doing. Not only Facebook has now seen
my face, but I now also know that I'm so fucking ugly even for a
robot.

[Stallman's talk on 2019-08-27]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCh8EcBrptA

## 2020-06-26

The exam is done, but my suffering isn't. I was sleeping for the most
of the day and working on the website for the rest of it. I did some
tweaks to the light theme and finally published a monthly blogpost.

## 2020-06-27

Before falling asleep, I noticed that the light theme was still fucked
up, so I fixed it again. The day itself was exhaustingly boring, and
I'm not really sure what I'm going to do for the rest of the summer.
Also I have an appointment with a different therapist on Monday, and
I'm scared as fuck, but it's for the better, I guess. By the way, I
checked out other Piano Fantasia songs, and they're great too.

## 2020-06-28

Another kinda boring day but not as bad as yesterday. I still wasn't
sure if I made the right choice with the color, so I spent like 2
hours trying other ones. In the end I just gave up - this one looks
good enough for my favorite. Additionaly I updated the list of my
most/least favorite colors to include more accurate stuff. Also, as I
said, I'm visiting a therapist romorrow, and I'm still scared of it.
My mom swears they can't involuntarily hospitalize me, but I'm still
not 100% sure. My other concern is that the only way I can tell them
what's wrong is to show them this website, which would be extremely
awkward, considering how much stuff there is. One more concern is my
gender identity. I doubt I'm actually transgender, but I absolutely
don't want them to investigate that. Not considering where I fucking
live.

## 2020-06-29

The therapist visit was alright. The hospital was relatively a
shithole, but the therapist themself was nice enough to me. Obviously,
I couldn't tell what's going in with me (though I managed to mention
this website), so my mom had to explain everything. She did that
pretty accurately, so I guess everything's gonna be fine. I spent the
rest of the day doing weird shit like deepfrying images.

Here's some music I've recently discovered:

* [The Brothers Johnson - Stomp!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v7-_d8DbRM)
* [Patrice Rushen - Forget Me Nots](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vP709vKwkD0)
* [Farting Toilet Guy Partying with Annoying Poop and Boobies - Giraffe Feces Gifted Anime Music Crap Hiphop Duplicate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KI9f2DRyOGg)

## 2020-06-30

My therapy officially started today. After being asked weird questions
for several hours, they gave me a pill and said to come back in 2 days
to tell if it had any effect on me. I'll need to take it before
falling asleep at night, and, according to them, it'll sort out my
thoughts. They also said they'll give me antidepressants when my body
adapts to the medication. I didn't have much to do for the rest of the
day, so I just fell asleep for like 5 hours. That was good because I
only slept 3 hours at night, but I hope I'll sleep better today.
