---
title: "2010s"
---

## 201X-XX-XX: Minetest

I actually played it before Minecraft. The game can be potentially
entertaining, but Minecraft is much better.

6/10

## 2014-XX-XX: Outlast (including the Whistleblower DLC)

This is the first and the last horror game I've ever played. I was
shitting my pants the first time I was playing it, but I adapted after
some time. In addition to that, the game has a lot of disgusting crap,
but it absolutely didn't bother me. It was kinda interesting for me to
complete it, and I enjoyed it long after I did it by messing up with
internal game mechanics and discovering various things that were
intended to be seen only by the developers.

6/10

## 201X-XX-XX: Heroes of Might and Magic V

Pretty cool continuation of the series, but some magic was lost for me
when I played it. Maybe it's because I got older.

7/10

## 201X-XX-XX: Euro Truck Simulator 2

I think played it exclusively to see some European cities, and I guess
I succeeded.

6/10

## 201X-XX-XX: Super Mario Bros.

Yes, it did take me so long to get my hands on completing it. Other
than that, this game is a legend and needs no explanation.

8/10

## 201X-XX-XX: Everlasting Summer

I don't even know why I decided to play a visual novel. In any case,
it was kinda okay. Also playing one of the mods put me in a depressive
period, and I'm still not sure why.

6/10

## 2017?-XX-XX: SuperTux

It's a pretty simple and not entirely polished platformer, but it has
such a beautiful atmosphere, and I did genuinely have fun playing it.

9/10

## 2019-01-0X: Undertale

Fuck. This game is incredible. It's the video game equivalent of
Gunbuster - a miracle that somehow makes me feel genuinely happy.
Everything here is perfect: the music is amazing, the story is
touching, the jokes are lame but good enough for me, the visuals are
simple but very pleasant. I still sucked balls at completing it
though.

10/10

## 2019-XX-XX: Hong Kong 97

This shit can barely be classified as a game, but I still kinda like
it because of its plot and vibes. Also this is the only game where I
*literally* die instantly.

2/10
