---
title: "2020"
---

## 2020-0X-XX: skribbl

While the concept of the game is simple, it's pretty fun to play. One
thing I like about it is that it's both fun to play with many and few
people, though with many people waiting for your turn to draw can be
tedious at times. The game itself is not too technologically advanced,
but it doesn't get in the way. Overall, this game is not a bad choice
for wasting your time, assuming you have friends.

7/10

## 2020-10-17: Deltarune: Chapter 1

So far the game is even more amazing than Undertale. I'm so excited
for the full release.

10/10

* Favorite character: Rouxls Kaard

## 2020-10-22: Doki Doki Literature Club!

Despite the game being technically interesting, it didn't scare me for
shit and was really boring for the most part. Not good.

5/10

* Favorite character: Sayori

## 2020-11-14: Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels

Basically, it's the same game but unfairly harder.

6/10

## 2020-11-18: Kirby's Dream Land

This was supposed to be the easiest game ever, so how come I still
sucked at it? But in any case, the game is too short for my liking but
still worth playing. Its aesthetics and music are quite remarkable,
especially for the Game Boy.

6/10

* Least favorite character: Kracko

## 2020-11-22: Super Mario Bros. 3

This part of Mario is pretty long and pretty hard (but not in an
unfair way) but it's really worth playing. The game is extremely fun
to play and impresses you with amazing graphics and music. In other
words, it's a NES masterpiece.

9/10

## 2020-11-26: Kirby's Adventure

This game is a great upgrade over Kirby's Dream Land - the game is
exactly as long as it needs to be and much more balanced in terms of
difficulty. It's also more fun to play and features even more
beautiful aesthetics, possibly as beautiful as they can get on an
8-bit or even a 16-bit bit system.

9/10

* Favorite ability: normal

## 2020-12-02: Super Mario World

The game sounds and looks cool but pales in comparison to Super Mario
Bros 3 in terms of being fun to play. Also it's filled to the brim
with puzzles, which I'm not the biggest fan of.

8/10

## 2020-12-08: Super Mario Land

The game obviously sucks both in terms of technical execution and fun
value but overall is not that bad for one of the first Game Boy video
games.

P.S. thank you, swamp girl, for beating the final boss for me.

5/10

## 2020-12-11: Kirby's Dream Land 2

It's more fun than the original one, but something is still missing to
make it as fun as Kirby's Adventure.

7/10

* Favorite animal friend: none
