---
title: "2021"
---

## 2021-02-11: Super Mario Bros. 2

Much better than the Lost Levels, but far from being as good as 3.
Overall, not that bad for the American release. Also I like the
originality of the game - it introduces new characters which are
different but still do fit the vibe of the series.

7/10

## 2021-03-12: CrazyBus

Nice game.

1/10

## 2021-03-19: Duck Hunt

The game has a disappointingly small amount of content. There's just
nothing to talk about.

5/10

## 2021-04-09: The Cheetahmen

This game is completely broken. At first it's funny seeing all those
glitches that make the game seem like it actually knows what you're
doing and is playing against you, but later in the game it fucks
everything up because the game becomes unplayable. What kind of a
sadist even designed all those late levels? There's absolutely no way
you can avoid all that shit flying all over the screen without taking
a single hit, which you apparently need to progress. In any case, it
seems like the game is so bugged out, it's a miracle to actually
complete it, so I won't torture myself more by trying to play it
again. One cool thing, though, about this game is its killer
soundtrack. Too bad it's being paused every time any other sound
effect plays and it's the only fucking song you hear in the whole
game.

3/10

## 2021-04-11: Minecraft

This game is a masterpiece. It's the first ever game to provide such
sort of sandbox experience that drives your creativity so much, can be
enjoyed by anyone, and doesn't stop being fun after a long time. In
addition to that, it's packed with banger music and nice textures that
will be forever engraved in your brain once you experienced them.
What's weird is that it took me 9 years to get my hands on finally
completing it despite spending counless hours playing it all these
years and letting it shape me as a person. It's a shame but better
than nothing.

10/10
