---
title: "2021"
---

## 2021-02-11: Super Mario Bros. 2

Much better than the Lost Levels, but far from being as good as 3.
Overall, not that bad for the American release. Also I like the
originality of the game - it introduces new characters which are
different but still do fit the vibe of the series.

7/10

## 2021-03-12: CrazyBus

Nice game.

1/10

## 2021-03-19: Duck Hunt

The game has a disappointingly small amount of content. There's just
nothing to talk about.

5/10

## 2021-04-09: The Cheetahmen

This game is completely broken. At first it's funny seeing all those
glitches that make the game seem like it actually knows what you're
doing and is playing against you, but later in the game it fucks
everything up because the game becomes unplayable. What kind of a
sadist even designed all those late levels? There's absolutely no way
you can avoid all that shit flying all over the screen without taking
a single hit, which you apparently need to progress. In any case, it
seems like the game is so bugged out, it's a miracle to actually
complete it, so I won't torture myself more by trying to play it
again. One cool thing, though, about this game is its killer
soundtrack. Too bad it's being paused every time any other sound
effect plays and it's the only fucking song you hear in the whole
game.

3/10

* Favorite character: Saddam Hussein

## 2021-04-11: Minecraft

This game is a masterpiece. It's the first ever game to provide such
sort of sandbox experience that drives your creativity so much, can be
enjoyed by anyone, and doesn't stop being fun after a long time. In
addition to that, it's packed with banger music and nice textures that
will be forever engraved in your brain once you experienced them.
What's weird is that it took me 9 years to get my hands on finally
completing it despite spending counless hours playing it all these
years and letting it shape me as a person. It's a shame but better
than nothing.

10/10

* Favorite biome: desert
* Favorite block: cobblestone
* Favorite item: iron ingot
* Favorite entity: boat

## 2021-05-19: Paperboy

Well, it's an arcade. But it's not just a regular arcade, it's an
exceptionally shitty one. While the game looks simple, it's actually
incredibly complex in a bad way. For example, the whole game is
isometric, which is ambitious in technical terms but unbearable in
terms of actually playing. And if that wasn't enough, the whole stage
is littered with different sorts of obstacles, avoiding which is
extremely painful not because it's actually hard but because the game
is fucked up and doesn't know where one object ends and another
begins. And as an icing on the cake, the objective of the game -
shooting newspapers into mailboxes - is completely ridiculous. To be
fair, it sounds fun in theory, but too bad it's not because actually
executing shots in real time on the first try is nearly impossible due
to broken controls. So in the end, this game is just meh. The graphics
are meh, the music is meh, and the easter egg or whatever the fuck
they left in the end is also meh.

4/10
