---
title: "Lost or unlisted"
---

## 2012?/2013?: several YouTube channels, some using my legal name

It's probably still possible to find some of them. Here's a list of
the videos I still remember capturing:

* Something about Windows 8. I think it was displayed on a TV and
  captured on my phone's camera.
* At least one Minecraft installation tutorial.
* An introduction to the channel. No videos were uploaded after that.

## 2013?: Minecraft let's play channel

I'm not sure if I even uploaded a single video there, but it existed.
Maybe it even became the next by being renamed, I don't remember.

## 2013/2014: another Minecraft let's play channel

The only non-halfassed YouTube channel, for which I regularly made
videos and kinda even talked to the audience. It had about 300 videos
and half a thousand subscribers. I even remember making my own "mods"
using some GUI program to "review" them. I also reviewed other people
and some video games, and, oh god, it was cringy as fuck. The whole
channel was completely purged one day because I thought "the videos
were complete fucking garbage." As far as I know, all known backups of
it have been lost. The channel's group is still there, but I can't
leave a link here, sorry.

## 2016?/2018?: random shit channel

A more casual channel, where I posted funny shit for me and my
friends. It mostly consisted of funny surreal montages and was deleted
one day with some backups still remaining... *sigh* on PornHub.

## 2016/2017: TUSSE

A modified version of ToberUberStobe with a shitton of local memes and
nonsensical humor. A backup has been recently discovered, but I can't
share it publically. Or can I?

## 2017-04-22/2017-04-XX: hctip

Small video game that parodies Russian pseudo-patriots I made as an
LDJAM 38 entry. It was completely wiped out with no backups left
because I thought I'd get in legal trouble for some reason.

## 2017?: CODEMAZE

Maze video game, where you have to write code to progress. It was
being made for some competition or shit, which I hated, and the
project was abandoned on an early stage with only 0 to 1 possible
backups left, to which I have no access. The game featured a Game
Boy-like video memory structure, which you had to fill with bitmapped
drawings.

## 2017?: ToberUberStobe: The Movie

Just me doing weird shit on a "green screen" (actually, a wall, which
I crappily cut off frame by frame in GIMP) on top of edited public
domain backgrounds. The thing itself was completely annihilated with
absolutely no backups of anything left, but, luckily, I remembered it
in great detail, so here's [the screenplay].

[the screenplay]: /extra/text-files/tus-the-movie.txt

## 2018: W\*\*\*\* of M\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

My friend and I had an idea to make an amateur movie using some ideas
we've come up with. All of the mockups and the plot were lost, but
recovery is still probably possible.

## 2018: billyvlogs

alantutorial parody, where I just sit in the bathtub and do ridiculous
shit with an extremely autistic voice. Only a single backup was made,
and it's probably been lost.
