---
title: "2000s and 2010s"
---

This is most likely the complete list of TV series I've watched in my
life at the moment of writing it (2020-08-31). I barely remember all
of them and haven't completed any. In some cases, I probably haven't
even seen more than half an episode. Everything is listed in the order
I remembered.

* The Voronins
* Interns
* The Simpsons
* Avatar: The Last Airbender
* Happy Together
* American Dad
* Jackie Chan Adventures
* American Dragon: Jake Long
* Hey Arnold!
* Yeralash
* The Angry Beavers
* CatDog
* Kikoriki
* Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness
* The Penguins of Madagascar
* Comedy Club
* Kim Possible
* The Fairly OddParents
* SpongeBob SquarePants
* Winx Club
* Totally Spies!
* DuckTales
* Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers
* Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
* Nasha Russia
* The Smurfs
* Phineas and Ferb
* Daddy's Daughters
* Univer
* The Adventures of Luntik and his friends
* Tom and Jerry
* Looney Tunes
* Dexter's Laboratory
* Kitchen
* SashaTanya
* Bakugan Battle Brawlers
* Pokémon
* The Legend of Korra
* Gravity Falls
* Futurama
* Beavis and Butt-Head
* Adventure Time
* Regular Show
* Pinky and the Brain
* Scooby Doo
* The Real Ghostbusters
* South Park
* Johnny Test
* The Powerpuff Girls
* The Flintstones
* iCarly
* The Wild Thornberrys
* The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron, Boy Genius
* As Told by Ginger
* Rugrats
* Aaahh!!! Real Monsters
* T.U.F.F. Puppy
* Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1987)
* Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
* Good Night, Little Ones!
* Nu, Pogodi!
* Adventures of Captain Wrongel
* The Return of the Wandering Parrot
* Dunno on the Moon
* A Kitten Named Woof
* Masha and The Bear
* The Fixies
* MythBusters
* Bill Nye the Science Guy
* How It's Made
* Once Upon a Time... Man
* Once Upon a Time... Life
* Galileo (Russian)
* The Eighties (Russian)
* Dora the Explorer
* Peppa Pig
* Doc McStuffins
* Jake and the Never Land Pirates
* Mickey Mouse Clubhouse
* Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom
* Adventures of the Gummi Bears
* Maths Mansion
* My Fair Nanny
* Great To Be Alive!
* Our Habitat
* Let's Get Married!
* Fashion Sentence
* Revizorro
* Heads and Tails (Russian)
* Six Frames
* Not Born Beautiful
* Univer. New dorms
* Real Guys
* Comedy Woman
* The Battle of Extrasensory
* HB
* Once Upon a Time in Russia
* Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Russian)
* PE Teacher
* Bearded Man. To understand and to forgive
* Fazenda
* Renovation School
* Hell Yeah, The Youth!
* Masyanya
* Comedy Battle
* Honey, we are killing the children
* Pregnant at 16
* I'm Ashamed of My Body
* Top Gear
* Delusion Territory
* Military Secret
* Mysteries of Mankind
* Pimp My Ride
* Barboskins
* Gem Mountain
* Field of Wonders
* Intervilles International
* Let Them Talk
* The Spooktacular New Adventures of Casper
* Stargate SG-1
* Unexplainable But a Fact
* Inspector Gadget
* Spider-Man: The Animated Series
* Sesame Street
* Step
* Muhtar's Return
* ALF
* H2O: Just Add Water
* Hannah Montana
* Teletubbies
* My Life as a Teenage Robot
* The Lion King's Timon & Pumbaa
* The Magnificent Century
* Big Difference
* Londongrad
* Taxi (Russian)
* The Cleverest
* Malakhov+
* Andrei Malakhov. Live
* Control Purchase
* About the Most Important
* Wait For Me
* The Voice (Russian)
* Lie Detector
* KVN
* Ural Pelmeni
* Pozner
* Curved Mirror
* BesogonTV
* Hut on Tata
* Arkady Paravozov
* One Hundred and One Dalmatians
* I'm My Own Director
* Cadetism
* Darkwing Duck
