---
title: "11"
---

## 2019-11-02

(actually barely remember anything)

only a couple of scenes

1. something related to living in south africa
2. some cacti joke
3. some old lady trying to travel by putting herself and her dog
   inside an oven and sending the oven by some fucked up mail in
   which building i was inside

also she somehow fit in like 2 inches of vertical space and the oven
was on the whole time

that's it

## 2019-11-03

(two separate dreams not a dream in a dream)

(i remembered some things after i temporarily woke up from them but
now nothing)

1. fucked up nonsensical mashup of the events that happened to me
   during the day

i remember seeing vcmi (at least the word) there for sure

2. remotely tony stark looking guy giving a presentation + me having
   flashbacks in some theater

after that i'm on the bus stop and some random shit happens

i continue having flashbacks + the person who i was apparently with
meets another person or something

that's it

## 2019-11-04

i woke up with the feeling that i needed to do something important but
idk what the fuck was that

## 2019-11-06

me sitting in my room + random people bringing me some small black
bags

also i watch some cringy russian youtuber in the background which
doesn't make any sense

## 2019-11-07

some waterpark shit

i remember some slides being outside and some inside

they ranged in sizes a lot and didn't make any fucking sense

also there was some scene were i put on some silicon feet for some
reason

also there was a scene in my godfather's old apartment and a couple of
supposedly [place where I'm studying in] scenes

the last one was just 2 old women arguing near the blackboard and
trying to tell the audience something

## 2019-11-08

layer 1. me my batya and at least someone else are in some small ship
which is floating on the water above the fountain in some
american/english city and fucked up shit happens

layer 2. i watch (according to the dream) the prequel of jojo part 3
or 2 (not the part before) but it looks nothing like it could look
like

## 2019-11-09

game/tv series/something where tony stark gets lost in the desert and
starts having hallucinations but in the end gets saved

yes

## 2019-11-10

most of russia becomes part of ukraine and everyone is celebrating it

also remember something about [my friend] now knowing how nameapaces
work?

btw in that dream there were some more shit on previous layer

something related to 20 year old phone and greece

## 2019-11-11

me browsing filthy frank's website from the 90s

(yes)

also something related to shitty wallpapers in my room and traveling
but i don't remember it

prerry spacy i should say

## 2019-11-12

i'm on a vacation in a hotel and i watch a let's play about some
zombie game on youtube

the name of the game was Zombie*some word; probably started with g*
and the let's play was like 20-40 minutes

in the beginning the main hero drives in his car through the night
city

there was something related to electric cars and java for some reason

i don't remember where and how he was attacked but it was a group of
like 5 very strong female zombies

later he went inside some khruschevka

in the elevator there were 2 options? idk they were like separated in
2 groups but not actually

the hero died and respawned 2 times so probably those groups were
divided randomly

so on first try he went into the group with 4 zombies and got owned
instantly

i can't remember the second one and if it even existed

then he's in the group with 1 zombie and for some reason they were
going on the roof to battle there

so the zombie needed some sort of electrical equipment to fight the
main hero but she notices a giant pile of those so she assumes he
bought all of them in the city and gets insanely angry

i woke up in the middle of the battle and i don't remember much

but i'm sure there was a crt monitor going through someone's head

i shleep

## 2019-11-16

too much shit happened but i can't remember anything

but there was something related to time travel minecraft and also
ksa1987 for some reason

i'm back to shleep

## 2019-11-17

(3 of them)

all about new york

all are geohraphically and visually inaccurate

linguistically too

## 2019-11-18

configuring some website

makes sense considering that's what i was doing before falling asleep

## 2019-11-19

(one dream not a dream in a dream)

the whole thing is happening in a vast open plain with some huge old buildings

1. me studying somewhere and they hire professional actors as teachers
   or something
2. potentially a lolicon vr game (why)
3. something that i forgot

one more dream:

some really small soviet town covered in snow located near a cliff

## 2019-11-20

(several dreams but only these remembered)

1. a giant khruschevka in a horrible condition with parts of the
   insides visible from the outside because of several huge voids and
   missing walls; there's a separate "non-living" or something sector
   which looks even worse and kinda scary
2. me and my sister in a presumably turkish shopping mall (why)

that's it

## 2019-11-21

1. walking in some non-existent irl shop on [street name]
2. the lab building of the [the place I'm studying in] but it's
   actually an apartment building

## 2019-11-23

i had several ones but barely remember anything

there was one about some person called jayson who could noclip out of
reality and he fucked up everything

there was one about the consequences but i can't remember anything

and there was one where i just browse reddit & youtube

cool

## 2019-11-24

it's fucked up

some relatives gift me nintendo switch for some reason

i start to develop some shit for it

then suddenly we leave

but because the old car that was left? is not closed we have to get
back

also there was a crawling scene

probably crawling in shit

## 2019-11-26

is kinda fucked up

according to the plot i've spent 2 days in the dream

(which isn't true ofc)

and today's dream is a continuation of yesterday's

which is actually today's

i'm not sure where each one starts and ends so fuck it

so i watch some live action tv show

and it's supposed to be somehow related to avatar

(the american animated series not the blue one)

i remember the scene with a village welcoming some russian people? and
they mention putin's full name at least 3 times i like 11 seconds

and the scene was supposed to be happening in the "old times" or
something so i thought it was weird

so in i suppose the end of the episode the main heros (a boy and a
girl i think) that looked something between the actual avatar heroes
and russian homeless people get put into a cave as a punishment?

i remember the walls growing or something

then i remember an irl scene

i'm not sure if it's supposed to be on level 1 or level 2

so the background is the entrance to the four hundred and minus first
room

i prepare and eat some food for some reason which i took in a plastic
bag apparently

so then there's a continuation of the avatar shit and i suppose level
2 shit where i wake up (but it's for some reason the middle of the
day) and my [messenger] app is broken or something

so then the app scene happens again on level 1 i think like "what the
fuck was all that" and just wake up; the whole dream kinda had sad
vibes + panic shit in the end but the events are complete fucking
nonsense

## 2019-11-28

soviet entertainment park

;sodfjs;ldkjfl;skdjf;lskdjf

h

## 2019-11-30

playing some homm3 mod/fork/lookalike

yes
