---
title: "2019"
---

## 2019-06-28: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure (1993)

That was a kinda rough thing to begin with. The thing looks pretty
retro but is not epic enough. Having almost no introduction to the
characters and the story being too short also doesn't help.

5/10

## 2019-07-01: Gunbuster

This anime is the tits, literally. The story is extremely silly, but,
holy shit, it works. The sci-fi world it's set in is extremely
interesting with a nice amount of detail, and time dialation as the
driving element of the plot is a great icing on the cake. In addition
to that, the whole thing is an emotional rollercoaster that makes you
both excited and cry in the end. And all of this is presented to you
with amazing eyecandy visuals, engaging and rememberable music, and
outstanding action.

10/10

## 2019-07-XX: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Stardust Crusaders

It's a pretty case because of it interesting story that contains a lot
of bizzare ideas. It definitely doesn't get boring and is worth
rewatching. The visuals, while not being quite cutting-edge, look
pretty unique with all of the characters filled with masculinity.

7/10

P.S. my apologies for part-skipping; I didn't even intend to continue
watching the series, but it really made me interested.

## 2019-07-XX: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Phantom Blood

Basically, the same as for the previous one. It's not quite as good in
some aspects but is on the same level.

7/10

## 2019-07-XX: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Battle Tendency

The same as for the previous one.

7/10

## 2019-07-XX: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sort of the same as for the third part. The story is not as epic, and
the whole thing feels more like a slice of life, but it works quite
well. Also the visuals are too smooth for me, but they're not
particularly bad.

7/10

## 2019-07-XX: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Golden Wind

The story is still just as interesting, and the visuals are a little
bit better.

7/10

## 2019-07-XX: Diebuster

It's pretty cool but misses something that made the original so
unique.

8/10

## 2019-07-15: Neon Genesis Evangelion

What the fuck.

9/10

## 2019-07-16: Akira

Despite knowning it's cyberpunk, I definitely didn't expect it to be
so creepy that it'd basically qualify as a sci-fi horror. The film
itself is remarkably great. It's executed so perfectly in all aspects
that there's just nothing bad to say about it.

10/10

## 2019-07-30: Cowboy Bebop

Apart from some moments, it's a masterpiece. First, let's address the
elephant in the room - the music. The jazz is really great and is
worth listening even out of context. The opening theme is basically
the best one I've ever seen, and it's so good that I just can't allow
myself to skip it even once and instead relisten to it over and over.
The story in the whole thing is pretty cool and filled with a lot of
cultural elements of late 20th century Japan and the U.S. The whole
thing ends with an unexpected but welcomed and rememberable scene,
which I quite like.

9/10

## 2019-11-30: Gunsmith Cats

I expected to be entertained and wasn't disappointed. Overall, it's a
pretty short medium-quality detective story, but I don't regret
watching it.

6/10

## 2019-12-01: Kill La Kill

I was actually surprised that a non-retro piece managed to get me.
The music and the (mostly background and lighting) visuals are much
better than I expected. The whole thing is extremely entertaining not
only in terms of action but also overall craziness and silly stuffs.

8/10

## 2019-12-31: Fist of the North Star (1986)

It's really weird to watch, but extreme violence, depressive
atmosphere, and amazing visuals do their job very well. The plot isn't
anything special, but it could be worse. The soundtrack isn't very
rememberable but is generally good.

7/10
