---
title: "2020"
---

## 2020-01-10: Super Dimension Fortress Macross

I don't know, it just doesn't work good enough for what I expected
from a space anime. The plot is fairly simple and isn't bizzare
enough. The visuals are kinda fucked up and the music, despite being
really good (especially the opening theme), is overall repetitive, but
I guess they had some budget and/or time problems with that.

6/10

## 2020-02-25: Princess Mononoke

This was the time when I decided to watch an anime dubbed. The dub was
kinda awkward at first, but overall pretty good. The anime itself,
though. Good fucking lord, it's incredible. I can't say much about the
plot (and I'm also not the biggest fan of fantasy), except it works,
but the music and especially the visuals are much better than I
could've ever expected and they absolutely blew up my mind.

9/10

## 2020-04-25: Serial Experiments Lain

I didn't understand shit, but it was amazing. The plot does quite a
good job at fucking my mind, comparable to Neon Genesis Evangelion.
The minimalist soundtrack fits the anime pretty well, and the
repetitive elements do work. The visuals really confused me - they are
pretty good, but some non-UI foreground elements were
computer-reanimated and not blended absolutely perfectly, and it made
me constantly think about what elements are traditionally animated and
what aren't for quite some time.

9/10

## 2020-07-27: Spirited Away

The only thing I can say about it is that it looks impressively good
for a computer-animated movie. The plot of the whole thing is mainly
based on Japanese folklore, so I once again didn't understand shit.
Overall, it wasn't as interesting to watch as I expected, but cool
nevertheless.

8/10

## 2020-07-28: The End of Evangelion

Even what the fucker.

9/10

## 2020-08-04: Ghost in the Shell

The movie explores the topic of what counts as a human in an AI-filled
world, which is the exact topic I was thinking about when watching
Blade Runner, and I'm happy about that. Other than that, the movie is
wonderfully drawn and has a pretty atmospheric soundtrack. It also
opens a great opportunity for sequels, which I'll probably watch.

9/10

## 2020-08-09: Your Name

Even though this is a romance anime, this is the one I get behind. It
doesn't contain any cringy bullshit, only pure emotion-inducing
material. This movie, I've gotta tell you, brought me the closest to
crying because of watching something in my entire life, and I'm so
glad that I actually decided to watch it. The other good thing about
it is that it looks fucking incredible despite being 100%
digitally-made. It still misses something, but I'd gladly eat visuals
like this, were they somewhere else.

When it comes to rating this one, it's kinda complicated. It's
absolutely a 10/10 banger, but I'm not sure if I can let it take the
spot of my favorite anime of all time, currently occupied by
Gunbuster. I'll think about it.

10/10

## 2020-08-20: Perfect Blue

It was terrifying, and the ending left me with more questions than I
expected. Overall, it's pretty well-made, and I appreciate the topic
of idol industry it's based on.

8/10

## 2020-08-29: Gurren Lagann

This show is by far the wildest and the most epic piece of art I've
ever witnessed. The shit that was happening on my screen was so
powerful, I was barely able to keep up with it. I'm so impressed.

9/10
