---
title: "2021"
---

## 2021-02-22: Leda: The Fantastic Adventure of Yohko

This anime is a very interesting case because of its plot, which is
usually not the most important thing I care about. The whole movie
takes only 70 minutes but manages to tell a lot of things and does it
in a very interesting way. Compare this to First of the North Star,
for example, which is longer than Your Name but tells you jack shit.
To pull off this kind of thing, the anime has a very, and I mean
*very*, self-contained story, which I'm usually a fan of. Not a lot of
background information is given about the world, but the one that is
still manages to kind of impress you. The story itself is sort of
interesting but not crazy enough for my tastes. Apart from the story,
the film was also pretty good - the visuals are neat and the music
isn't annoying. Overall, a pretty good watch.

7/10

## 2021-03-02: One Punch Man

Overall, it was not a bad show. The idea to make a show about a
literal undefeatable hero that destroys everyone with a single punch
sounds risky to me, but the way it was implemented here is pretty
good. The whole thing is pretty epic, but it's quite far from the most
epic thing I've seen. One problem is that I feel like it lacks soul
behind it, and I'm not sure how to describe it.

The "guy does good things but doesn't get credited for it" trope here
needs a separate mention. I understand that it's essential to the
whole show and that without it wouldn't work, but I just can't stand
it. It makes me actually feel something, which is a good thing, but at
the same time it makes me hate watching it. The show just treats you
like a complete fucking idiot that can believe something like it. I
mean come on, even crowds in real life are not that stupid.

What I'm now afraid of is watching the sequel. The whole thing is
pretty self contained, and I feel like continuing this story is nearly
impossible to do properly. Well, we'll see.

7/10

## 2021-03-14: One Punch Man, Season 2

So as I mentioned in the original series' review, its story was pretty
self-contained, so I was afraid of them fucking up the whole thing as
a continuation of the first season. Luckily, it didn't happen, but
unfortunately, they managed to fuck up almost everything else. The one
thing that I do like about this season is that the "actual hero
doesn't get noticed" trope is not as prevalent here, so it finally
feels like the show isn't treating you like an idiot. While not as
epic, the story here is not actually bad, especially considering it's
a sequel, but the way it's presented is not as good as before. The
main character has far less screentime, and the whole thing is much
more stretched. This is additionally fueled by not quite the best
visuals. Maybe they had problems with the finances, but how the hell
could that ever happen for one of the biggest superhero franchises in
the world? And if all of that wasn't enough, the whole fucking season
ends on a cliffhanger. So overall, I'm disappointed. It's not really
bad per se but I really expected something epic that would only
improve on the original and not make it more bland.

6/10
