---
title: "2021"
---

## 2021-02-22: Leda: The Fantastic Adventure of Yohko

This anime is a very interesting case because of its plot, which is
usually not the most important thing I care about. The whole movie
takes only 70 minutes but manages to tell a lot of things and does it
in a very interesting way. Compare this to First of the North Star,
for example, which is longer than Your Name but tells you jack shit.
To pull off this kind of thing, the anime has a very, and I mean
*very*, self-contained story, which I'm usually a fan of. Not a lot of
background information is given about the world, but the one that is
still manages to kind of impress you. The story itself is sort of
interesting but not crazy enough for my tastes. Apart from the story,
the film was also pretty good - the visuals are neat and the music
isn't annoying. Overall, a pretty good watch.

7/10

## 2021-03-02: One Punch Man

Overall, it was not a bad show. The idea to make a show about a
literal undefeatable hero that destroys everyone with a single punch
sounds risky to me, but the way it was implemented here is pretty
good. The whole thing is pretty epic, but it's quite far from the most
epic thing I've seen. One problem is that I feel like it lacks soul
behind it, and I'm not sure how to describe it.

The "guy does good things but doesn't get credited for it" trope here
needs a separate mention. I understand that it's essential to the
whole show and that without it wouldn't work, but I just can't stand
it. It makes me actually feel something, which is a good thing, but at
the same time it makes me hate watching it. The show just treats you
like a complete fucking idiot that can believe something like it. I
mean come on, even crowds in real life are not that stupid.

What I'm now afraid of is watching the sequel. The whole thing is
pretty self contained, and I feel like continuing this story is nearly
impossible to do properly. Well, we'll see.

7/10

## 2021-03-14: One Punch Man, Season 2

So as I mentioned in the original series' review, its story was pretty
self-contained, so I was afraid of them fucking up the whole thing as
a continuation of the first season. Luckily, it didn't happen, but
unfortunately, they managed to fuck up almost everything else. The one
thing that I do like about this season is that the "actual hero
doesn't get noticed" trope is not as prevalent here, so it finally
feels like the show isn't treating you like an idiot. While not as
epic, the story here is not actually bad, especially considering it's
a sequel, but the way it's presented is not as good as before. The
main character has far less screentime, and the whole thing is much
more stretched. This is additionally fueled by not quite the best
visuals. Maybe they had problems with the finances, but how the hell
could that ever happen for one of the biggest superhero franchises in
the world? And if all of that wasn't enough, the whole fucking season
ends on a cliffhanger. So overall, I'm disappointed. It's not really
bad per se but I really expected something epic that would only
improve on the original and not make it more bland.

6/10

## 2021-04-14: Mars of Destruction

This is a very interesting art piece because it's on the very edge of
not being classified as an anime at all. It tells absolutely no story,
and is completely tasteless when it comes to the visuals and the
music. Watching it leaves you with a surreal feeling like someone
hacked your brain or removed a very important part of it. In other
words, it's on the same level as a story written by a 5-year-old and
made into a real thing by professionals or a movie generated
completely by an AI.

2/10

## 2021-04-22: A Silent Voice

It's a well-made good-looking anime, but there's just one little
problem - it just doesn't kick in for me. The only moment that made me
actually feel anything was that one near the end, and for the rest of
the movie the only things I was experiencing were cringe and confusion
for the actions of the characters. The main problem with this film is
that the whole thing is just too complicated. My small brain just
doesn't work well with a lot of detail, and while it's usually not a
problem with other films because of their presentation and simple plot
skeleton, here everything depends on understanding how human
communication works, so I really don't understand shit. It's certainly
not a fault of the movie itself, but I just can't say it works for me.

7/10

## 2021-05-21: The Girl Who Leapt Through Time

This movie is a pretty accurate depiction of what a high school girl
would do if she gained time travel abilities, which can clearly be
seen by the extremely small number of killed baby Hitlers. In other
words, quoting one of the characters, she's a fucking idiot. While it
was a bit cringy, watching her constantly fuck up wasn't too bad. The
movie itself at the same time, also gets a passing grade form me. I
can't say much about the music, but the visuals are alright. While the
foregrounds are pretty cheesy, which can probably be justified by the
year the film was released, the backgrounds do look wonderful.
Overall, I'd say the anime looks a bit cheap but still gets the job
done.

6/10
