---
title: "02 - February"
---

## 2021-02-03

there were 2 buildings one of which was somehow related to me

the one that wasn't became a tourist attraction but mine didn't
because of architecture or some shit

also it was closed in the end i think and me and the guys were going
there

the whole thing reminds me of putin's palace

## 2021-02-05

we were moving into another apartment so were in the process of moving
things

on my computer i had a gnome-like de installed and some weird shit was
happening to it

the clipboard and some critial component were connected in a
non-obvious way

also several groupmates were there

just remembered that a groupmate and i were comparing our cock sizes

mine was bigger

## 2021-02-06

first i was watching some really weird youtube videos

they were from some japanese tv show about technology

then i started searching for hentai but on some completely unrelated
website

then i started making up a concept for a jjba-like show

it was about a punky boy who was living under an opressive military
government and he was resisting against it

he and other people had a super power of being able to use math to
modify the real world

like they could move through the walls become invisible and battle
each other

how successful they were at that depended on their level

## 2021-02-07

there was violent masturbation

i forgot everything else already

## 2021-02-10

first of all i had an ability to fly and it lasted through all of the
dreams

1. some village

we were playing some game which objective was to knock out the
opponent's construction with snowballs

the construction itself was supposed to built out of books or similar
small things you had in possession and there could be the maximum of
13 of them

there was also something related to linux stuff like ksh and it was
said by some old guy idk i was visiting him or something

2. nearby of my apartment

here i was just using my ability to fly

sometimes it was glitching out and i couldn't fly because i was doing
something wrong

like i had to feel a certain way to activate the ability

3. a giant sex product exhibition

it was really really big like the size of a shopping mall and also
pretty high

my mom and sister were there which was really weird

there were separate 18- and 18+ sections and they were in the first
one

my mom was on a trampoline (why) and the sister was somewhere

in the 18+ section i witnessed a collection of wooden dildoes and a
waterpark with pornography printed out on paper and sticked to the
walls with duct tape

in addition to flying i had an ability to "search" like you know in a
browser by pressing ctrl+f

all of the people were wearing swimwear and none were masturbating
luckily

some people were underage which is pretty bad

i think there was a smooth transition between dream 1 and 2 and i was
dressing in something funky

also in dream 3 i was anxious about having a penis
