---
title: "03 - March"
---

## 2021-03-01

1. neocities

it had a much simpler black on white 1.0 design

also there were such features as website reviews and chat

most of the sites were random except one where some girl asks a bunch
of questions and possibly macedev

i answered to the first one with just "No." in the review

kyle drake had an important role in this dream so i probably contacted
him or something

2. a game by valve

it was basically a real life simulator

the whole game depended on how you start and continue it

i remember a couple of scenes

a beginning on the game where i was some 70s guy in a band

a middle of the game where i'm on some public square and it had kde
marked buildings

an ending of the game where i had to kill some girl so something
terrible doesn't happen

an ending where i had to blow up a giant laboratory

it had portal 2 vibes

the game had an ability to save at any point which i actively used

at some point i tried to recreate my life there but got bored and
started googling interesting things about the game instead

the game had the word sim in its name

something like ssim or simsim

3. dreams i forgot

there were like 2 of them maybe

but i do remember one scene where i open up the messages and there are
over a thousand new messages from [friend]

## 2021-03-02

new dreams:

1. trains

i was riding them

there was a black girl with me

not sure what she was doing

2. ptoilet

that's the name of the game

i was trying to find it but apparently it got removed

because it used a proprietary algorithm for calculating some shit

there were at least 4 dreams between them

i tried to recall them but failed

there was something related to my family and music in one of them

probably the 4th one

## 2021-03-03

it was my old school but with current groupmates

specifically [friend] was sitting next to me on a couch

we had cursive writing lessons and they were so bad i thought about
killing myself

considering the couch i'm not sure what kind of classroom it was

on some point i think we were on the roof and the couch was hanging of
it

oh i remembered another dream

[another friend's gf] allowed me to look at her phone

it was an android phone but it could transform into a dumb phone

like it had a touchscreen and slidable buttons

hey another dream

it was about neocities

a redesign was made available to registered users

it used a light green palette and had more elements

also i forgot to pay the monthly fee so i got a notification

## 2021-03-04

it was about an nes game that was apparently a prequel to tus

but it looked nothing like it

i think i've seen an avgn review about it or a related game

also he was fat for some reason

also there was a hacker news post discussing it

## 2021-03-07

1. some controversy about twosetviolin

there was an apology video

2. trying to quietly mastrubate in the bathroom while my relative
   doesn't let me to

great

## 2021-03-10

it was about parallel worlds

like some people had an ability to go into one and do something there

i think i was one of them assuming i even was a protagonist there

i think there was a family in that world with which i contacted

i don't remember any details

also there was a cute lizard

i called it a gecko but it was another species

i think it happened near a lake in the real world and in the parallel
world we were driving somewhere

and the plot was about losing a thing in the parallel world or
something

## 2021-03-11

video games

there were 2 nes games with extremely hard bosses

prolly they were mario hacks

there was also a modern game

i saw it in first person so it was prolly a vr game

there were weird challenges like climbing an extremely tall ladder

i was playing with some friends and i was the only one to complete
this one

later we went into some gaming club

there were a couple of interesting games there which i played

i think there was 1 friend with me

the dream had more interesting scenes but i already forgot them

## 2021-03-13

too much shit

i forgot the vast majority of it

1. vacation in turkey

i remember going to the beach

nothing out of ordinary happened i think

2. making up the plot for that one secret writing project

i think i made it really similar to the star wars trilogy

the main character's power were progressively growing just as the
villain's

also it was mostly in space which doesn't work well with what i
already made up

there was a chemical that was giving the main character power and was
used by the villain for their shit

so essentially unobtanium but it was called something like suggestium

the story begins with pigeons in japan dying and ends with the
universe collapsing

pretty cool i'd say

3. some self-aware bullshit

like i was sleeping during the day there while i was actually sleeping
during the day

## 2021-03-14

there were at least 3 of them but i forgot all of them

the one i remember is about supertux

i installed a mod that made it look like super mario world

i was changing the controls to match retroarch

also i set up savestate controls which the game doesn't even have

## 2021-03-15

new dreams:

1. [friend] was there

i think i was a guess at his house

the story somehow involved his cupboard or something

2. illegally learning to drive

first we were near some village

my dad just lended me his car

i had problems with turning on the headlights and turning

the car itself had bicycle pedals instead of regular ones

so instead of driving on a regular road we decided to go to an
isolated one

so you know they can't fine me for not having a driving license

pretty sure that's not how it works irl but whatever

so the road we went to was controlled by some libertarians

it was protected by a single guy with a gun and there were several
other guys that were handling clients i guess

there was a giant very steep mountain on which i was supposed to drive

it didn't even have pavement and had just random shit on like like
pieces of wood

i knew that it'd be impossible for me to survive driving on this shit
so i told it to one of the guys

he told me that everything's alright and i shouldn't worry

i'm not sure if i did actually drive there because i don't remember it
happening

but i do remember leaving the whole thing discussing politics with
someone and seeing other clients

3. driving to grandma with my dad and mom

there was a problem because of which i couldn't

so they promised that i can go to her tomorrow

while we were driving we encountered "edinburgh university"

it looked like a shop inside a khrushchevka with a green logo

## 2021-03-18

avgn reviewing some games

there were more dreams but i forgot

one of the games was donkey kong for nes and another was a 3d first
person shooter for nes too

i think i watched him while being in a meat shop near my house

just remembered there was a dream involving my laptop

i mean not the laptop i have but a similar one
