---
title: "04 - April"
---

## 2021-04-03

i was in some sort of mall and was looking through a catalog

i was looking for point and click games but there were none despite
all of other games being casual

i even tried the search function (how) but it yielded nothing

maybe it was because the whole thing was in russian and i typed the
name of the genre in english

in any case i didn't find shit and decided to search somewhere else

i went to the shop nearby and it appeared that they did sell video
games

i asked the cashier to find me some point and click games and she said
that they had one

she brought me a whole game console and started unpacking it from the
cardboard box

the console was basically a red crt tv with a built-in computer meant
to run a single game

the computer ran freebsd with libwayland but different from the irl
library with the same name

it was something like wlroots meaning it was a compositor not a
protocol library

she said the console was made by a russian developer in 2017 and it
surprised me that they used wayland back then

then the game itself loaded and it wasn't quite what i was i expecting

it was in low resolution and was using only like 16 colors which
looked as if it was a game for an early pc

the game itself was a story about some boy going into the forest and
doing some shit

it was in 3rd person and you could move the character which makes no
sense for a point and click game

weird shit was happening between levels like a giant baby appearing on
the screen and exploding

i completed the whole game in the shop while sitting on the floor with
the cashier

i was ranting sort of like avgn during the whole thing and she was
listening to me

in the end i said that the game kinda sucked and i expected something
better

then it suddenly switched into the 3rd person i was replaced by some
guy in his 30s

she said that she was recording my rant and showed a vhs tape

the guy pulled in his adam's apple changing his voice into a more
feminine one

i guess he was like "nope that absolutely wasn't me"

## 2021-04-04

i was failing my exams

it was either english or russian i'm not sure

you had to write a story or something based on given info

there were several tasks like this and i couldn't do any

i had a mental breakdown but they offered me another attempt

i think i still couldn't do shit

there was a scene where i was near a mall and i was flying

## 2021-04-05

new dream:

i was somewhere and i was satisfied about it

i forgot everything else because some fucker woke me up

oh shit i remembered other dreams

1. weird shit

i was consuming fan-made gunbuster content

i think it had a demo version and i found out how to unlock the full
one

i also found out the author and i think i've met them

he was a fat guy with eyeglasses

also there was a scene where i was shitting in a port-o-potty

it was a weird one because there was no hole and the feces were
supposed to be washed off

2. movie/video game about fish

or maybe not fish but underwater humans or something

i think you could become one using the arthur and the invisibles
method

basically there was a giant underwater city and a story was told about
it

i was controlling a protagonist that looked like the main guy from
shark tale

there was a subway system and i think i was employed at a restaurant

i also had an ability to record and save videos so i guess i had a
camera or something

at the end of the dream i and some other guys were at a parkour stage
and there were secrets
