---
title: "06 - June"
---

## 2021-06-04

i was writing a wayland proxy library

basically it allowed clients to use color formats that aren't
supported by the compositor

later i wrote a plugin for some tweaking tool that used this library

i later found out that microsoft forked that tool

there was also some video game

i'm not sure if it was 2d or 3d but it was from the 90s

i think there was also something about angry birds

which makes sense because i played it yesterday

## 2021-06-06

so the dream wasn't about me but some random guy

it was about his dreams so like it was a dream in a dream for me

he had super powers and an ability to replay the dream/read its script
or whatever

in one of the dreams he found other people like him and his
non-existent grandma

they combined their powers and broke from the dream and came into the
real world

also there was a dream where he was in a marshrutka

it was outside of the city and the driver forgot to close the door

he asked the driver to close it but he didn't care

## 2021-06-11

1. video about google's failed camera

actually there were two cameras with similar names

they were released several years apart and both failed

in the video the guy was talking about them in his office

2. researching some shit

i think it was about surviving in the wild

though i'm not sure cause i forgot most of it

i was watching youtube videos and reading a paper

the paper was uploaded on the website of some university

the link was broken so i had to repair it myself

the pages had only basic html formatting

3. youtube playlist of weird videos

so in that dream i apparently was sleeping and then woke up

and the playlist somehow contained videos related to my "dreams"

also there was a scene where my grandma gave me an F in my record book
because i hadn't attended something

## 2021-06-12

1. writing some wayland shit

i think i was implementing some drm-related protocol

specifically it required turning off all of the monitors except the
main one

2. at least 3 dreams that i forgot

3. watching star wars

like all 6 movies

in order from 1 to 6

the films looked nothing like original

they were much more casual

i think i also watched the director's commentary where he explained
the meanings of the words

4. playing minecraft with my friend

he used nbt editing to apply some spell to track me

i got rid of it using /clear

## 2021-06-13

1. a guy made a website that shows you the weather

like you type your city and it shows the weather the location on the
map and some other info

the website was pretty old (like maybe made in 2000s) and he remade it
several times

he later opened a small office in some american city

there you could physically check the weather and also buy some branded
water

also in one of newer versions of the website it couldn't show the map
for some obscure cities

for example it didn't show it for the one i live in so i reported it

2. video game

it was called something like "charles darvin's notebook" and was made
by someone called like "vasya software"

the publisher had more games like that and this one had at least 6
versions

i downloaded it on google play and i felt like i'd played something
like that before

the game was kinda strange because it felt more like an irl role play
than a video game

there were rooms with people and you had to complete some
dialogue/mission to progress

you could do literally whatever you want and the characters would
react in a unique way

as one character explained they wrote dialogue for every possible
action the player could take

and that's why the game took so long to make

in the game itself i do remember a couple of scenes

the first one was a gate and there were other people visiting the
rooms

there was a scene where i ran into the room i wasn't supposed to visit
yet

and one where i shot someone who had a gun with another gun and
everyone else was like "well shit"

3. another weird video game

don't particularly remember anything that happened there

but i think i took place in the college's wardrobe

4. a dream or 2 i don't remember

## 2021-06-14

1. jesus christ

i think it was the name of the challenge i took

i had to walk through a desert and then through some hell-like
obstacles

i may or may not have walked through it several times

then i wrote a paper about it and translated it into russian

there was a scene where a girl (probably my relative or a daughter of
my parents' friends) visited me and i showed it to her

2. skribbl

but not the usual kind of skribbl

it was released for nes for some reason and was in japanese

when i found out that i downloaded an english version and it was a
windows executable

i played it with 2 young boys (also prolly relatives) who were
apparently good at drawing

we were playing on 2 different pcs on 2 different floors to prevent
cheating

though somehow the game "detected" that we did cheat and reset the
progress

3. programming lesson

instead of doing what he's supposed to do the teacher were telling us
how to make a perfect gaming station

he brought 2 ultra-wide monitors out of somewhere and showed us how to
install them

he also showed some gaming stuff but i don't particularly remember it

## 2021-06-15

i was failing exams

there were a russian exam and a programming exam

the former one had my old teacher from the school

i didn't know anything so i couldn't do shit

in addition to being anxious i felt kinda drugged

for programming we also had to write a report in the copybook

i wrote sone nonsense but the teacher said it's alright

for russian i sent an email to the teacher

she replied next day saying something like "yeah you fucked up try
again"

the nonsense i wrote for programming involved the world health
organization and the elf file format

i felt so drugged i didn't know what i was writing

the teacher just marked empty pages i left and told me to write in any
case

he forgot to erase some of the marks but he and the curator said it's
alright

## 2021-06-16

mall

probably i moved to a new place

i was drawing some shit with paint

i also constructed some elevator shit that reminds me of angry birds

my friend was doing a similar thing but he had a pig

the pig was shitting all over the place

## 2021-06-17

undertale but it's a different game

though it apparently was still developed by toby fox

the first difference is that you could play the game in the browser

the game was 2d but i somehow experienced it in 3d

so like it was hyper-realistic and in first person

the plot of the game was quite different

the whole thing took place in an alternate universe and frisk was from
the regular one

the monsters weren't underground but occupied the alternate planet

an apocalypse happened and humans died there and frisk became the only
one

i don't remember the details of how and why they traveled between
universes

there was some emotional connection between characters and it felt
like time was limited

so frisk could only stay there for limited time?

i'm not sure how it worked

another thing that was different is determination

instead of respawning the universe was splitting in half and you were
in the one where you somehow didn't die

so essentially you respawned not where you last saved but right before
you were killed

from the character cast i only remember toriel and some tiger monster
that looked like tigress from kung fu panda

they lived in a small settlement that kinda looked like a russian
village but less fucked up

there was a river nearby but the place itself was prety deserted

like for example there were no/barely any grass

i remember that there was a scene with a location similar to that one
from lion king

also deltarune was mentioned somewhere in the dream

the game was released and was also different

it was kinda like the game i had dreamed about several months ago

## 2021-06-18

i posted something on youtube and got over 6 thousand dislikes

i think it was a let's play

also someone gave me an old pc and i was installing windows xp on it
