# Lost/unlisted projects

## (2012/2013?) Several YouTube channels, some using my legal name

It's probably still possible to find some of them. Here's a list of
the videos I still remember capturing:

* Something about Windows 8. I think it was displayed on a TV and
  captured on my phone's camera.
* At least one Minecraft installation tutorial.
* An introduction to the channel. No videos were uploaded after that.

## (2013?) A Minecraft let's play channel

I'm not sure if I even uploaded a single video there, but it existed.
Maybe it even became the next by being renamed, I don't remember.

## (2013-2014) Another Minecraft let's play channel

The only non-halfassed YouTube channel, for which I regularly made
videos and kinda even talked to the audience. It had about 300 videos
and half a thousand subscribers. I even remember making my own "mods"
using some GUI program to "review" them. I also reviewed other people
and some video games, and, oh god, it was cringy as fuck. The whole
channel was completely purged one day because I thought "the videos
were complete fucking garbage." As far as I know, all known backups of
it have been lost. The channel's group is still there, but I can't
leave a link here, sorry.

## (2015/2016) {Nbml,Null}Browser

"Web browser" made using MSHTML and later NWJS. Pretty weird choise
for the first JavaScript project, isn't it? If you want to subject
yourself to torture, [here you go].

[here you go]: https://sourceforge.net/projects/nblmbrowser/

## (2016) BirchBrowser

"The revival" of NullBrowser. It's still in my GitLab repos, but it's
hidden because I think my legal name was used there once.

## (2016/2018?) A random shit channel

A more casual channel, where I posted funny shit for me and my
friends. It mostly consisted of funny surreal montages and was deleted
one day with some backups still remaining... *sigh* on PornHub.

TODO: links to the videos I managed to find

## (2016/2017) TUSSE

A modified version of ToberUberStobe with a shitton of local memes and
nonsensical humor. A backup has been recently discovered, but I share
it publically. Or can I?

## (2017) LDJAM 38 entry

Small video game that parodies Russian pseudo-patriots. It was
completely wiped out with no backups left because I thought I'd get in
legal trouble for some reason.

## (201?) CODEMAZE

Maze video game, where you had to write code to progress. It was being
made for some competition or shit, which I hated, and the project was
abandoned on an early stage with only 0 to 1 possible backups left, to
which I have to access. The game featured a Game Boy-like video memory
structure, which you had to fill with bitmapped drawings.

## (2018) billyvlogs

alantutorial parody, where I just sat in the bathtub and did
ridiculous shit with an extremely autistic voice. Only a single backup
was made, and it's probably been lost.
