---
title: "2019"
---

## 2019-07-17

just walking fucking outside at night

(most generic shit ever)

## 2019-08-02

someone took off and stole my clothes while I was sleeping on the back
seat of an SUV and so i had a mental breakdown

what

## 2019-08-08

1. me watching some guy (my relative?) being buried alive with their
consent
2. incomprehensible public transportation shit

(remember something about crimea)

3. me watching some tv show (cartoon? anime?) where the main hero did
something bad to the main villain (a scientist or something that
develops some weaponary shit) so he uses his bodybuilder friend to
hide dildos and guns inside walls to aim at the main character

(the whole plot was happening in a village of some sort)

oof

## 2019-08-15

i was watching a tv show? playing some shit in? vr

that's it

i don't remember the name but it consisted of two words and the first
letters of each were db

that's weird

rendered in some slabbed helvetica-alike + googlish blue

in the begginning it was like this:

some link(from nintendo)-like character running on some horse or shit
that can transform into a (white wolf) does some weird shit

also there's a fucking car (without any passengers or the driver) at
full speed chasing him

at the end it looked like i sit in a room with 3 fake psychologists
and having existential crisis

what the fuck

also the horse was white too

also why the fuck would he need a horse if he can transform and run as
a wolf

i remember one of them [psychologists] said i shouldn't weight more
than 14 (pounds?)

gotta check how much that is

> 6.350293 kg

wow

k

also one of his hands was black or something

i mean it's not tan it's like a black person's hand

[the font] maybe it's roboto slab

looks similar

but the upper parts of the letters were more fucked up

btw this scene [with a Nintendoish character] was in very saturated
happy colors

which is unusual

the background looked like a generic mario level or shit with a
mountain

## 2019-08-18

okay so i had 3 dreams

remembered almost nothing from them

1. i'm inside some office with more people and some guy talks about
   how his wife died in form of a presentation
2. some video game set in the modern day with the main character being
   some ~12yo boy

can't say much more

3. i go to the kitchen grab something that appears to be a shawarma
   take bite and immediately wake up

and now here i am

[the first dream] okay so there was like a table with people sitting

i was one of them

and also there was a person presenting

## 2019-08-19

i had today 2

1. random shit that i almost don't remeber

(i'm that there was something related to hooee)

2. i'm in prison

but the prison more looks like a regular pioneer camp but with cells

also it's supposed to be located in northern england but looks pretty
soviet

it the end someone tried to murder me but i ran away

that's it

(i tried to go to the old prison building or something)

## 2019-08-22

3 weeks of travel by train and also some game (presumably made by [the
person I was writing to]) with the elements of a farming simulator an
rpg and a shooter

also there was some pool with the depth of 0.43 meters and the average
iq of a swimmer of 47 but idk what the fuck was that

## 2019-08-28

some khruschevka is being demolished with a construction crane while i
seat near and watch

i'm back to shleep

okay no

more details on this

1. for some reasom our english teacher was there too
2. they first removed a side wall and placed it above something with
   the inner side directed outside on which i was sitting
3. the wall was covered in some black substance and it was really
   fucking stinky and disgusting
4. i was sitting literally like 10 meters away from the fence and the
   khruschevka

## 2019-09-07

scene 1. night car driving in american/european suburbia + supermarket
+ virus/vampire shit

scene 2. some top-down space shooter type glitched game + fucking
andrey nifedov

scene 3. my room + my grandma screaming at me

that's it

## 2019-09-08

airplane

but a fucked up one

i'm back to sleep

awake again i am

i had a second dream

but i neee time to remember it

yes

some war shit

video game-like war shit

i remember a insect transforming intro a helicopter

some crystal shit covered in stone inside metallic spheres

and some island or shit

(with bad weather)

i'm not sure if i was a passenger or a captain [on the airplane]

then also grow a beard

and buy roses

## 2019-09-10

2-layer bullshit (dream in a dream)

layer 1: i'm sleeping (makes sense) but not in my apartment (at least
it didn't look like it)

layer 2: some indiana jonish adventure shit about some girl with a
very fucked up name which i of course forgot

i don't remember much else about the dream but it wasn't as depressive
as usual

that's it

## 2019-09-11

idk how but it follows the same scheme as other recent dreams

(dream in a dream)

level 1. some kung fu tv series featuring chin and having nothing to
do with hk97 in terms of plot

level 2. me ""irl"" finding some video game somehow related to this

level 3. me "irl" watching a "similar" tv show

what the actual fuck

btw i kinda remember some details

[level 2] the splash screen? had a mario and some cartoon faggot model
and some name in the back (probably super smash bros brawl which
doesn't make any sense because i've never even googled this game)

[level 3] the name of the show was "king's guard" or some stupid shit
like that and expectedly such a common name doesn't yield anything
similar upon googling

what the actual fuck (2)

## 2019-09-13

me at home but i have interent problems and apparentlt it's also in
minecraft

ihat's tt

## 2019-09-13

some city + some travel ona a shitty japanese train

## 2019-09-14

some airport shit in which i fucked up something with the ticket

it that is

## 2019-09-16

some political shit on the internet

also i feel even worse than before sleeping

## 2019-09-18

some neurocomputer interface shit or something

other than that it was just a regular slice of life shit but with
non-[the city I live in]ish architecture

(still looks soviet but more minimalist)

+ fucked up elevation changes

## 2019-09-19

some space station astronaut shit

+ fucked up perspective time dilation and devices that don't make any fucking sense

also [my friend] was there at least in one scene

here's the "plot":

(i only remember only several scenes again)

i'm (for no fucking reason) an astronaut that works on a space station
that doesn't resemble iss and also violates and laws of logic in it's
design

there was a scene where i'm looking through the window and i can see
some fucking building that's on the ground (i just assumed that's
normal)

i'm not sure if i was to spacewalk but i remember crawling through
some long tube(???) in full suit for some reason

later there was a scene where i sit to the left and [my friend] to the
right

somehow i figured out time dilation there (me getting older(/[the person I'm writing to]nger?)
than people on earth (how??????))

so we were writing some shit

(i'm not sure if on paper or on a computer)

then the design of the station instantly changes (at least it repaints
to dark gray) and i'm jumping from the station to the ground with 5
other people for some reason

so we like scan the territory and one of them finds [my friend]'s
grandma(?) and she requests us to take off our suits that for some
reason make us bigger (like ant-man)

so after that he handles her and we go back by jumping with extra gas
acceleration(?)

2 of them have some problems with that and the rest of us assume they
fucked up and didn't jump enough

turns out nope one of them jumped higher than the station and flew
back to us somehow

then the theme change again instantly

the other one (probably) has some superpowers and provokes some
ogre-looking guy to fight

he requests him to take off his mask because he can see his ugly beard
behind it (what the fuck)

at this moment i woke up

## 2019-09-27

(multilevel dream in a dream shit)

level 1. driving in russia and doing random shit in turkey with dad
and teleportation

it was weird and scenes barely connect to each other

at the end i look into the mirror and i see that one of my eyes looks
improperly

(rotation and size)

level 2. i "wake up" look at the mirror and open [messenger] to write
[the person I'm writing to] about the dream

i nearly shit my pants but okay

[level 1] also there were (for some reason) a lot of chinese and dutch
people (in supermarkets at least) + it was dark and the atmosphere was
borderline horrory

okay some more details:

[level 2] i'm not sure but after looking the second time(?) i've seen
the fucked up eye again and i've either seen the same level again but
without it and then actually woke up or just actually woke up

[level 1] there was one scene in daylight and it happened in a bank?
supermarket? and i had some problems with my credit card so the
cashier(?) screamed at me or something

i couldn't fix the problem tho

the supermarkets not only had those but horrible lighting with
luminescent lamps and i didn't even buy anything

the moment happened on some metal platform in the outskirt of the city
which didn't even have neither the ob river nor the hill and the
terrain was completely flat

the sky was dark reddish

idk where the fuck i got a mirror but it was either my smartphone or
some cosmetic pack shit with powders and a mirror

## 2019-09-28

me talking to some woman about how they managed to hide a giant robot
inside a small room and where did 2 doors go

sliding through the whole fucking building by ducking in a weird pose

i tried to remember more but couldn't

there were 2 more women:

1. some asian hoe in a red dress with an orchestra? near her
2. some angry fucker that screamed at me near this room

i cunt remembah more

## 2019-10-02

i forgot it

but i remember someone was chasing me and there was a black jeep

but it wasn't horrory

## 2019-10-03

i forgot it but i remember that it was extremely weird

## 2019-10-04

i remember there was the baby shark melody

but it was another song

and i thought it sounded like it

## 2019-10-05

1. not sure how old i was
2. listening to music and watching music related videos on [the person I'm writing to]tube

(the most realistic part)

3. me going from some forest to (presumably) my home in the
   village/private sector

[point 3] it was winter and the village/sector was either inside a
hollow or surrounded by hills

## 2019-10-06

1. navalny built 2 bridges using some cool invisible material for the
   road surface
2. unrelated summer swimming pool shit

## 2019-10-08

some public transportation shit again

presumably a train or a plane

i couldn't leave the city because i forgot something somewhere

i had no music but the season finally changed to fall

don't remember about the soviet architecture tho

## 2019-10-12

1. me playing some star wars? film-like video game
2. me just walking in [the city I live in] but it has some
   new fucked up buildings
3. incomprehensible shit

## 2019-10-19

it's complicated

first i watch shrek

(the horror movie)

at least in my dream

and i watch it in the middle of the day

then something happens that i already forgot but i remember it was
temporarily night

then it's day again and i go to the shower

i just sit and start thinking about stuff

then just a giant caption "error" appears in my vision with a picture
of some old chinese man? colonel sanders? + high pitched noise and i
die? lose consciousness?

on level 2 (dream in a dream) i retell [the person I'm writing to] all
those events irl

(inclusing that one i forgot)

in the end at this moment it just paralyzes me for some reason

it was weird

okay some minor details

the whole thing happens in my grandma's old house

but it looks nothing like it

the shower for some reason is located in the kitchen

(it's separated from the rest of the room with a curtain)

also it got really darkish when i got into it

the word "error" was dark gray on black background but visible

while it happened i was holding a smartphone with 4chan? on it

at least there was yellowish background and a mashup picture with the
facebook version of angry emoji

[shrek] watch on a crt tv

also it appears like night in my thoughts while i retell it to [the
person I'm writing to] but it's as i said happened in the middle of
the day

yeah also the darkness is not entirely black but blueish everywhere

that's all i could remember i'm back to shleep

[something I forgot] update: it was me doing something in the parking
lot of some supermarket

there were either no cars or very few of them

## 2019-10-23

2 layer shit again

someone sends a not-entirely-nsfw gif into the conference

[the person I'm writing to] find its source and it's a youtube video
called "98 hentai bdsm techniques"

but it's blocked in russia

so [the person I'm writing to] tell me to use some secret yandex
website called yandex14.com

layer 2:

(i'm not sure when it happened in terms of time)

either right after this

(after i open the source)

so on layer 2 i sleep

i have a dream where i go to some underground lake? with my batya

when i try to find the toilet there i go into someone's room

it's messy as fuck and there's no toilet

and also there's a cooling device?

(not fridge it's smaller and closes like a book)

after that i go a level higher and there's some stonehenge-like
structure

after that i wake up

tell [the person I'm writing to] about the structure while playing
some game

(i'm not sure what game but it was a 3d 3rd person shit and there was
a church-like shit)

then i try to play the source video but it loads too slowly and i
actually wake up

what the fuck was that

okay i now remembered a scene where i drive a car at night and one
where i take a photo of my batya and notice that he's much more fat
than usual

also idk where they belong chronologically

## 2019-10-26

some gangster shit but it's a cars (from pixar) movie

i'm back to shlp

## 2019-10-30

me being on a vacation somewhere

the insides of hotel looked kinda familiar but kinda not

i don't remember the outsides so well but there were some rusty metal
constructions

in the dream i was collecting my stuff to return home by train (yes
train again for some reason)

the train "station" looked suspiciously familiar to a regular tram
stop

also i remember some software shit like using some firefox
reimplementation? but it barely makes any sense

that's it

## 2019-10-31

the thing happens in a typical american bedroom

it's quiet sunny day and the camera is located above the light-blue
checked bed

2 M&Ms (red and yellow which in my case was lime) are talking with a
clownfish that levitates on some water

so the clownfish says something about african american people

and one of the M&Ms replies that the clownfish (the kind) effectively
controls the government

then some shit starts to inflate to the size of the room

i'm not sure what

then i fake-wake up and a standard trolley irl shit happens

## 2019-11-02

(actually barely remember anything)

only a couple of scenes

1. something related to living in south africa
2. some cacti joke
3. some old lady trying to travel by putting herself and her dog
   inside an oven and sending the oven by some fucked up mail in
   which building i was inside

also she somehow fit in like 2 inches of vertical space and the oven
was on the whole time

that's it

## 2019-11-03

(two separate dreams not a dream in a dream)

(i remembered some things after i temporarily woke up from them but
now nothing)

1. fucked up nonsensical mashup of the events that happened to me
   during the day

i remember seeing vcmi (at least the word) there for sure

2. remotely tony stark looking guy giving a presentation + me having
   flashbacks in some theater

after that i'm on the bus stop and some random shit happens

i continue having flashbacks + the person who i was apparently with
meets another person or something

that's it

## 2019-11-04

i woke up with the feeling that i needed to do something important but
idk what the fuck was that

## 2019-11-06

me sitting in my room + random people bringing me some small black
bags

also i watch some cringy russian youtuber in the background which
doesn't make any sense

## 2019-11-07

some waterpark shit

i remember some slides being outside and some inside

they ranged in sizes a lot and didn't make any fucking sense

also there was some scene were i put on some silicon feet for some
reason

also there was a scene in my godfather's old apartment and a couple of
supposedly [place where I'm studying in] scenes

the last one was just 2 old women arguing near the blackboard and
trying to tell the audience something

## 2019-11-08

layer 1. me my batya and at least someone else are in some small ship
which is floating on the water above the fountain in some
american/english city and fucked up shit happens

layer 2. i watch (according to the dream) the prequel of jojo part 3
or 2 (not the part before) but it looks nothing like it could look
like

## 2019-11-09

game/tv series/something where tony stark gets lost in the desert and
starts having hallucinations but in the end gets saved

yes

## 2019-11-10

most of russia becomes part of ukraine and everyone is celebrating it

also remember something about [my friend] now knowing how nameapaces
work?

btw in that dream there were some more shit on previous layer

something related to 20 year old phone and greece

## 2019-11-11

me browsing filthy frank's website from the 90s

(yes)

also something related to shitty wallpapers in my room and traveling
but i don't remember it

prerry spacy i should say

## 2019-11-12

i'm on a vacation in a hotel and i watch a let's play about some
zombie game on youtube

the name of the game was Zombie*some word; probably started with g*
and the let's play was like 20-40 minutes

in the beginning the main hero drives in his car through the night
city

there was something related to electric cars and java for some reason

i don't remember where and how he was attacked but it was a group of
like 5 very strong female zombies

later he went inside some khruschevka

in the elevator there were 2 options? idk they were like separated in
2 groups but not actually

the hero died and respawned 2 times so probably those groups were
divided randomly

so on first try he went into the group with 4 zombies and got owned
instantly

i can't remember the second one and if it even existed

then he's in the group with 1 zombie and for some reason they were
going on the roof to battle there

so the zombie needed some sort of electrical equipment to fight the
main hero but she notices a giant pile of those so she assumes he
bought all of them in the city and gets insanely angry

i woke up in the middle of the battle and i don't remember much

but i'm sure there was a crt monitor going through someone's head

i shleep

## 2019-11-16

too much shit happened but i can't remember anything

but there was something related to time travel minecraft and also
ksa1987 for some reason

i'm back to shleep

## 2019-11-17

(3 of them)

all about new york

all are geohraphically and visually inaccurate

linguistically too

## 2019-11-18

configuring some website

makes sense considering that's what i was doing before falling asleep

## 2019-11-19

(one dream not a dream in a dream)

the whole thing is happening in a vast open plain with some huge old buildings

1. me studying somewhere and they hire professional actors as teachers
   or something
2. potentially a lolicon vr game (why)
3. something that i forgot

one more dream:

some really small soviet town covered in snow located near a cliff

## 2019-11-20

(several dreams but only these remembered)

1. a giant khruschevka in a horrible condition with parts of the
   insides visible from the outside because of several huge voids and
   missing walls; there's a separate "non-living" or something sector
   which looks even worse and kinda scary
2. me and my sister in a presumably turkish shopping mall (why)

that's it

## 2019-11-21

1. walking in some non-existent irl shop on [street name]
2. the lab building of the [the place I'm studying in] but it's
   actually an apartment building

## 2019-11-23

i had several ones but barely remember anything

there was one about some person called jayson who could noclip out of
reality and he fucked up everything

there was one about the consequences but i can't remember anything

and there was one where i just browse reddit & youtube

cool

## 2019-11-24

it's fucked up

some relatives gift me nintendo switch for some reason

i start to develop some shit for it

then suddenly we leave

but because the old car that was left? is not closed we have to get
back

also there was a crawling scene

probably crawling in shit

## 2019-11-26

is kinda fucked up

according to the plot i've spent 2 days in the dream

(which isn't true ofc)

and today's dream is a continuation of yesterday's

which is actually today's

i'm not sure where each one starts and ends so fuck it

so i watch some live action tv show

and it's supposed to be somehow related to avatar

(the american animated series not the blue one)

i remember the scene with a village welcoming some russian people? and
they mention putin's full name at least 3 times i like 11 seconds

and the scene was supposed to be happening in the "old times" or
something so i thought it was weird

so in i suppose the end of the episode the main heros (a boy and a
girl i think) that looked something between the actual avatar heroes
and russian homeless people get put into a cave as a punishment?

i remember the walls growing or something

then i remember an irl scene

i'm not sure if it's supposed to be on level 1 or level 2

so the background is the entrance to the four hundred and minus first
room

i prepare and eat some food for some reason which i took in a plastic
bag apparently

so then there's a continuation of the avatar shit and i suppose level
2 shit where i wake up (but it's for some reason the middle of the
day) and my [messenger] app is broken or something

so then the app scene happens again on level 1 i think like "what the
fuck was all that" and just wake up; the whole dream kinda had sad
vibes + panic shit in the end but the events are complete fucking
nonsense

## 2019-11-28

soviet entertainment park

;sodfjs;ldkjfl;skdjf;lskdjf

h

## 2019-11-30

playing some homm3 mod/fork/lookalike

yes

## 2019-12-01

extreme multi-level shit which i almost completely forgot

there was something about some powerful guy and also nintendo
characters later for some reason

in any case h

## 2019-12-03

something related to math lessons africa and silver

(at the same time)

## 2019-12-07

there was something related to shrinking and enlarging objects
parallel universes (no it wasn't fucking avengers endgame) and for
some reason windows 10 but i don't remember the details

## 2019-12-10

me preparing to fly to rhode island (for a 2 day vacation) which
apparently is a country and not a us state and is located somewhere in
southern europe

also there i had some t-shirt with a fucked up world map where every
continent is distorted and africa(?) is fucking missing

## 2019-12-15

some weird shit

(tv series/video game)

i believe it was related to jojo

so there are multiple universes? in which the characters have ablities
to control different kind of things in each one and you can move into
the next universe after completing? the previous one

i'm not entirely sure how it works

i barely remember anything but 2 scenes:

white obama in the intro to the 6th episode/chapter/location/whatever

villain battles with the main character

v. tells m.c. to show him the insides of his anal cavity but he
refuses

v. tells that m.c. has lost but m.c. replies with something (his jaw
is broken or something)

so for some reason iggy appears in the background and jumps to the
m.c. and v. refuses to beat him

what the fuck was that

## 2019-12-18

some zombie apocalypse shit

again

don't remember shit

there was something related to hk97 and nuclear weapons but idk how

## 2019-12-20

some [place where I'm styuding in] shit

but there's a metro station going through the 4th floor

and also i have a severe panic attack on an english class

and also [my friend] plays minecraft (what?)

## 2019-12-21

me watching a 90s animated series and its live action remake

not sure about the genre and details

i can remember only 2 characters: a fat guy and a girl with blue hair

both are probably not connected to each other

the fat guy lives in a detached house and some fucked up shit happens
there

there was something related to middle east time travel and ant-man
shit

but i'm not sure how

i'm back2shleep

## 2019-12-24

me watching non-existent youtube videos

the videos were random and had some gameplay in the background

## 2019-12-25

random city shit

## 2019-12-26

me staying in some hotel

which looks pretty soviet

also [the person I'm writing to]'re transgender

(yes i'm fucking serious)

i'm not sure about any other details

i'm back 2 shleep

woke

similar hotel shit in the dreams

just as fucked up

hdjdiek

## 2019-12-27

eggs

that's it

## 2019-12-29

1. the original star wars trilogy but the plot was edited by me (i
   guess at least)

i can only rememer that obi wan turned out to be a villain

2. i was put in a mind of a 7th grader and a body of a 2nd grader
   (what?) and i guess i study or something
3. i still study but probably not in the same configuration and
   insanely fucked up shit happens

also there were the avengers(?) with bags of shit in the end
